:l lol
So. let me start off by saying this game is NOT ♥♥♥♥. its just a small money Hog. get it heh hog. you can hunt those <3 no? ok...I TRIED. BUT. this game is fun i recommend it. i read the reviews about it. its all about licenses. what i did. what i tried it out. i thought it was pretty cool. and i spent $50 in EMS alone. and now i cannot stop playing it. it the most realistic hunting simulator on the market. its amazing. and beautiful graphics. the reason nobody plays it is because you need a license to hunt other animals. but all the guns and animals are ethical. you cant kill a moose with a .243 bolt action rifle. this game is fun if you Fully want to try it drop $15 to $20 on it. and to be fully honest this game is however much you want to pay for if you never want to spend a dime you dont have to. if you want to spend $1000 you can. its up to you. i spent $20 for all licenses. 2 guns. and a whole outfit AND alot of other things. and the extra $5 was for a ghillie suit. so it all added up to $20 it was worth it.
for the queers
after almost a year. i decided to tell you what has happened and tell you what happened to me over the months. ive been shot, trolled, slaughtered, suicided, ive been a demonic sacrifice, and ive been sexually assaulted, and had my knees shot, and had to crawl to my friend to recieve medical help, and ive starved to death and dehydrated to death aswell, and finally have killed over 100 people and been to bandit and back... im a vigilante im not a hero nor a bandit. ill help you but if you dont follow my rules. and you dont do what i say i will shoot you. if you make me mad enough ill handcuff you feed you disinfectant and take your Stuff. ~ Migrant Worker
its amazing.
its very fun. 10/10
what a fun game its baller. #git wreket skrub
well. ive come back. and learned its a good game. just...next time i would like my money back. i got this game for $5. and a day later it becomes free. i could use that $5 for something else. .-. but its a good game.
Fükked Some B1tches. i Got Money. 69/69 - ign
