I-'d like to immediately point out that if you are looking for a way to learn the rules of Magic: The Gathering, and happened to spy this title in the free-to-play section and think to yourself, -A free way to play Magic that teaches me the rules and is intuitive? Yes please!-, or if you-'re a veteran Magic player like myself and saw this thinking, -Oh boy, Wizard-'s released their new DotP game! I hope it-'s just like DotP201X and a far better improvement on DotP2015-, then steer clear; you will be sorely disappointed at Wizard-'s newest -game- in the series.Let me highlight the good point first and give credit where credit is due.A deckbuilding system that is fairly lenient and pretty creative. Yes we had this in 2015 and it was one of the only good things from that game.A storyline that is somewhat fun and interesting to follow. Though the cinematics were a bit lackluster and can-'t hold a candle to Warcraft III cinematics from 2002, the lore following each planeswalker is a nice touch to add backstory. Then again you can look it all up on the internet, so that doesn-'t count for much.Origins Cards and Planeswalkers. For God knows how long people have wanted planeswalkers in these games and we finally have them. Also a mixture of Origins and non-standard cards makes for some interesting decks, if you have the time to unlock them.Enjoy that little list of good stuff? Alright. Now let-'s bust some balls.Buggy interface and connectivity issues. This was inevitable. All DotP games have had some form of interface problem or online connectivity issue. Most usually get patched out fairly quickly. But needing to consistently reconnect to save coin progress? Enchanted creatures not displaying correctly after zooming? Spells and abilities mistargeting? Players disconnecting mid-game or having games hang? You-'d be better playing MTGO.Deck construction limitation. This garbage again. 4 commons, 3 uncommons, 2 rares, 1 mythic. An attempt at balancing deck construction, but ultimately restricting our creativity with decks. I-'d much rather have DotP2014-'s system of unlocking cards for specific decks, and have other decks as DLC packs.Archetype Quests. Apparently decks don-'t identify as a two-colour deck unless you use their deck building -Wizard-. In short, you pick a card out of 5 shown to you. It then uses the cards you-'ve picked to suggest other cards, place them in front of you, and you pick one. Not only does it feel like you-'re building decks in Hearthstone, these decks are horrendously underpowered in comparison to what a person with basic deckbuilding skill can create in the full deck builder. ~But you can-'t earn coins from quests unless you use the deck wizard~Coins and Boosters. DotP2014 had you pay to play Sealed, but that was fairly cheap and you got 6x 15 card packs. DotP2015 Had you unlock cards through campaigns on specific planes, but they were 15 card packs, and there was an option of some premium cards. What does this give you? 6 cards per pack, at $2 per pack Yep, if you don-'t want to play God knows how many games to save up 150 coins to buy 1x 6 card pack, you can pay $2 to get 150 coins to buy that pack. So it now becomes 3x slower than normal just to unlock the commons for my deck. And if I-'m building a particular colour and the pack has nothing good for that colour? Oh well! Try playing more duels and saving more coins for another pack! Or buy coins to get the cards faster!This game is a disaster. There are just so many issues with it; so many things that should not be. Had they just made a $15 game like in the past with pre-built decks and unlockable card pools for them, maybe everything would-'ve been fine. DotP is supposed to be a fun way to introduce players to the game with interesting decks, and chaotic matches combined with unique game modes like Archenemy and Planechase. This is just a money grab, and a poor attempt at it. You shouldn-'t be paying for a collection of cards like this unless they-'re physical or on MTGO. If you-'re looking for a DotP game that is serious fun, I would lean towards DotP2012, 2013, or 2014. This doesn-'t deserve our time or attention.
