The gameplay isn't quite there yet, but it's early access. What is here is very promising and fun, and it looks like the game is heading in the right direction. Support for custom content would really bring the game to life, but doesn't exist right now. Still, i recommend this game.
This game has a lot of room to grow, what with its short playtime and whatnot. However, the gameplay is particularly fun and engaging, and the game comes with a level editor that enables the community to build their own content for the game. My hope is that in the future the game will be even more moddable, which would make it even more expansive and fun.
This is a fun game where you run around and shoot the red things and get really frustrated.
This game is quite a lot of fun. Too bad it's the only one in the series i'm any good at...
This game can be both relaxing and incredibly stressful. Learning how to manage what starts off as a deceptively simple transport system is a thrill in this game, although it can quickly all come crumbling down. The random generation adds a lot of replay value to the game, and I'm looking forwards to seeing more of the cities being unlocked for play.For an Early Access game, this is by far one of the most polished I've seen so far.
Some of the default modes aren't as good as the ones in the original, but thanks to workshop support there are mods available to fix all of these issues! :D
It's not as good as the original game with mods like UserPatch or the voobly lobby system, but it's got a lower barrier of entry and it's really easy to use. The developers are still working on it actively, too, which is nice. Hopefully in the future it will be the best version of the game out there.
This game has a lot to offer in terms of replay value, and unless you dislike the core mechanics of the game (random loots, random floor layouts, random levels of difficulty... random everything, really.) then you will find endless hours of entertainment in this game. For the price, it's a no-brainer to get this.
