Brawlhalla just as good if not better than Super Smash bros. and it’s free. The Devs are still updating the game with new characters and always making minor tweaks to help balance the game, thus this is very well balanced. Characters are on rotation system or can be purchased with in game coins to use at any time you earn the coins from playing matches. The game features a variety of game modes some causal and fun and others not for the new players. Fight your way to the top in ranked matches (1v1 or 2v2 atm) and go to brawlhalla.com to view your world or country rank (viewing your world rank will probably be put into the game eventually). The game has an in game store with a variety character and weapon skins, taunts and some other things. Tournaments are held for the game. To become great at the game one must only understand a few concepts such as a Gravity Cancels and Black Holes to name a few and of course good working combos for said character. The game also features a great practice mode where hurt boxes hitboxes damage and dodge mechanics of attacks can be thoroughly investigated. The Game supports controllers and keyboard. My only negative comment can be that you cannot play LAN between two or more PCs without the internet at present time.
I started playing a few minutes in I LOST CONNECTION and had to wait a minute or so to reconnect then that happened again and I was done playing. In the few minutes I did play there was no player tutorial into the gaming world so I had no idea what I was doing. Graphics weren't great which I have no problem with but you might. I however like the ideas of this game which is why I got it in the first place maybe after further development this could be a great game and I might try it again later.
Do you like building things? Do these things need to be funtional? Do these things complicated (in releation to invetory movement rotating parts? Do you like ramming? Do you like useing somthing youve made to blow stuff up? Do you like survivals? Do you like Space sims?Said yes to anything of these. Then maybe you like it. If you said yes to some then consider deeply. If you said yes to all Buy it now!The Devs are very active useally putting out an update with new and geat features every 7 or 8 days or so.Come bring your freinds for a more coop or vs.
