From the time of posting this review I have only played 1 hour. I will now share with you what I did in this 1 hour, Enjoy...P.S - I played a total of 120 hours of Fallout 4 on the Xbox One (so far) and was the first Fallout title I played, My friend(s) recommended me this game as they belived it was the best game in the Fallout Franchise (And I'm cheapskate and took the two dollar deal for the game).I started a new save and watched the opening cutscene, it was ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. I then actually got into the game and met and old man that looked like a child molester. I then made my character. For some reason I decided to make him look like a ♥♥♥♥ing black pedophile who went head first into an ocean of bleach. Thought it would be a good idea to name him 'Long Slong John'. I then immediately stole everything from the old white man. I walked outside and wondered if there was a sprint key, I then realised that the devs decided that thier defintion of sprinting is hobbling along the ground like a man with no arms and no legs struggling to move. Their defintion of walking is the same man but is incapable of remembering to breath. I then went to meet up with Sunny. I walk into the saloon and find Sunny, then I proceed to stare at her Ta-Tas for several minutes. Talk to Sunny and proceeded to ask her to teach me ♥♥♥♥. She said that we are going to shoot some ♥♥♥♥ing bottles. Went out back and shot some bottles like a legend. Talked to Sunny again and asked for work. She said that we could go shoot up some geckos. We then walked like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ disabled persosns to the where the geckos were located. At first thought of 'Geckos', I thought that they would be small as ♥♥♥♥ so I then stared directly at the ground. I was sadly mistaken. Some ♥♥♥♥ing big ♥♥♥ Geckos come racing at me. I said and I quote: 'WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ ARE THOSE!?', which was then followed by 'AAAARRRRGGGGHHH! GET THE ♥♥♥♥ AWAY FROM ME!'. I then killed them Godzilla Geckos and claimed my reward.What a ♥♥♥♥ing hour. Them ♥♥♥♥ing Godzilla Geckos though man, nearly went into the fetal position SMH...Overall rating: 10 out of ♥♥♥♥ing 10, would spend most of an hour of my life 'sprinting' as the devs call it again.Hit me up in my Steam DM's if you would like me to update my Fallout: New Vegas experience with you all, Cheers.
As to this date I have only played 36 hours of this wonderful game which, most of those hours on record, were spent doing drive-bys with my friends in a stolen SWAT van or racing one another to the nearest RPG and then intending to blow eachother up with said RPG. The following is what I belive are the good and bad qualities of the game (IN MY OPIONION)PROS;-Drive-bys with friends-Online character customisation (I decided to become BLACK JESUS)-Pedestrians on the sidewalk are known as 'Bonus Points'-Best Bowling Simulator to ever be released since the 2nd of December 2008-You can go on dates then have a ♥♥♥♥♥ (I think that's how it works)-Bowling-More Bowling-And even more bowling-Mods for singleplayer & multiplayer-Russian ♥♥♥♥ing acsents-'Come put this tasty dog in your mouth' -Random Hot Dog Vendor-*THUMP THUMP* *THUMP THUMP*-You get a gun in one of the first singleplayer missions from a stoned Jamaican-You are the driver in one of the first missions for a black man which turns into your first time getting Stars (YAY!)CONS;-No bowling online with friends :'(420/10Would run over people on the side walk, blow my friends up with said RPG, do drive-bys with my friends and go ♥♥♥♥ING BOWLING again...Peace-Breezy
After playing 64 hours of this great game, I am finally ranked as a Silver Four Scrub... and I still don't know all of the callouts. I guess this is the start of my long road to Nova One and beyond.10/10, I recommend this game to anyone who wants to get the daily dose of Vitamin Allahu (and those who wish to spend all of their money on skins).
