 Abzû MechanicsObviously, this game is alot like Journey. The swimfin acts like the scarf, and while the scarf in journey lets you fly, the swimfin in this game lets you swim faster for small period of time. You can collect shells to increase the size of your swimfin, so you can use it-'s speed boost for more time.Something i notused is that even when i got hit by -enemies- (lets just call them enemies so i don-'t spoil anything) my swimfin didn-'t seem to get shorter, which kinda disappointed me.  ControlsThe controls are very nice, intuitive and responsive,  WITH EXCEPTION of the camera, which can be a hassle to control sometimes. (Keep in mind im using a Xbox One controller) GraphicsAs you-'ve probably seen in the trailer, the graphics of this game are pretty. I personally don-'t like the graphical style they chose (simpler textures), but that varies from person to person. GFX are VERY nice, reflections and lighting look amazing, but i-'d say they-'re not as good as they were in Journey, especially lighting. (Please keep in mind im playing in maxed settings in 4K) PerformanceThis game runs somewhat good, but it has its issues. Im using a GTX 1080 and Intel Core i7-4790K, and as stated before, im running Abzû on maxed settings in 4K. My highest framerate was 72fps, lowest was 24fps and average was 51fps. Im gonna go and say this game could have ran better if it wasn-'t a console port, but what can we do, right? SoundThe sounds and noises creatures make are exceptional, and props to whoever recorded/edited/made them. Background noises are also very good, but they could have been done better. SoundtrackThe soundtrack, just like Journey-'s soundtrack, is FREAKIN FANTASTIC, all the songs match the ambient and the situation you are in, giving the game an awesome cinematic feel. Im gonna have to say that (at least in my opinion) Journey-'s soundtrack is better.  GameplayThe gameplay feels very fluid, activating objects doesn-'t interrupt you (mostly), and there are no parts which abruptly get too slow or too fast, disrupting the experience. A thing i-'d like to point out is that Abzû has nowhere near as much -Wow- moments like in Journey, whereas you are amazed at least once every level, and some animations feel weird, for example, StoryDon-'t worry, im not going to spoil anything. Just like in Journey, the story is kind of vague, there-'s not much context or objetive. Abzû is A LOT shorter than Journey, so much in fact, that i was kinda disappointed when it was over. FinalizationWell, by reading my review so far, you-'d say i recommend Abzû. And i do. Kind of... If you came here for the same reason that i did, for an improvement over Journey, im sorry, but this isn-'t it. Don-'t get me wrong, Abzû is a great game by itself, but it wasn-'t up to my expectations, especially because it was developed by the same developers that developed Journey.
Quality: Extraordinary (5/5)This game proposes you an challenging adventure with an unspeakable variety of gunswich feel overpowered in proportion of the boss/enemy you killed to get it, making itextremely rewarding to farm and let enemies get harder to try to get an better drop such as Goliaths/Varkids.The story is very cool, and can be played enought times (so you can level up to 72) withot getting *too much* repetitive.I severely recommend you buyng this game if you like RPG's, it is worth evry penny and a bit more.
This game is an absolute masterpiece! Since 2013 i don't play a game this good on steam.Pros:-Difficulty is perfect!; it forces you to improve, search and discover how to react to such situations.-Doesn't allow you to go absolute RAMBO style to escape the prisions if you don't know what you're doing.-Guards aren't brainless zombies neither telekinetic masterminds-While they are only 6 prisions escaping a prision takes time to make and gather the materials for a plan.-Multiplayer looks promising (as of the date i am writing its not released yet) as the game has the perfect format to support 2 players co-op to 8+ FFACons:-The prision itself doesn't feel alive. Guards only punish YOU for being late on stuff, nobody tries to escape and nobody tries to disrupt what you are doing (Other from yelling the guards which is really lame)FINAL RESULTS:9/10
10/10 would get killed by vore againHEAT SEEKING MAGICAL EXPLOSIVE PURPLE SPIKED BALL INCOMING!
Quality: Extraordinary (5/5)As you can see, i don't have many hours on steam version of Spore. But i bought the Non-Steam version of the game, and believe me or not i have an estimated time of 2000 in-game hours + of Spore (And its expansions).In my ten years of gaming i never saw such a masterpiece like this game. I never had so much fun with a game.This is my favorite game until now competing with other extremely good titles like: Metroid Prime 2, Borderlands 2 and a lot of other games.Its the unbelieavable amount of customization you can do with evrything in the game, such as: Cells, Buildings, Creatures, Veichles, and much more; not counting with the expansion that triples, if not quintuples the amount of coustumization you can do; the Galactic Adventures expansion.All stages are epic, unique and fun. Some of these stages fit more in a kind of playstyle, such as the creature stage, it feels more like an action thing, though space stage is more of an strategic thing...And you know what? F*ck itQuality: Ultimate Masterpiece (6/5)Wait no...Quality: Ultimate Masterpiece of Mankind (7/5)Still not enough...Quality: Ultimate Masterpiece of the Overpowered Divine Entities (999/5)It's still not enough but ill take thisI have this game since 2008... and since then i didnt regret any nanosecond that i played of this game. I cannot explain with words how this game is good... but ill give you a hint: Spore (500-900 Hours of content) (Spore GA: 1000-5000 Hours of content)Oh, yes! and check out Dark Injection mod for Spore!
Genial, testa a inteligência do jogador e pode realmente simular um cenário apocaliptico.Minha nota: 9/10
