First off, if you want to know if you'll like this, go play OFF.Soooo good.There's little jokes and references hidden pretty much every where, it has the same basic RPG maker fighting mechanics (you could take that as a good or bad thing), the surreal world is... astonashing? (Idk, I thought it was) and the art style is impeccable!I went in with extrememly low expectations and have come out with a mutated facial defect where I have grown multiple mouths, all simultaneously smiling upon this game.For a low price, treat yourself. Get this thingy.
If you haven't played this, you have no iea how difficult it is at first. You WILL die the first 10 times you play. Maybe 11.maybe 12. Probably 127. But then what do I know?
It's soooo good! Now I just wish I could play it.
OK. Don't like this game. I have a question. HOW DO YOU EVEN DEAL DAMAGE? The servers never have me connect and my frame rate is always really low. Not to mention I bought it for $20 and now its free. Stuff this game
Writes a funny thing that happened during playingnow says -10/10-Would rewrite a review again
This game is freckin sweet, but those flying robots are BS. try it out yourself!
Look, I know it might be hard to say for a game with soo little stuff and stupid graphics, the crappiest music, the dumbest bosses, the cheapest poop jokes, the most boring item synergys, a caracter thats fricken underpowered because they start with brimstone and a main character with the name isaac who has som dissorder that causes them to have multiple personalities, but this post is from a critic and all a lie, so you should acually buy the game.
Hahahaha... Yeah. Yep. Yes. Kbai
Honestly, there is nothing else to say. The game is amazing! I had doubts about it when I had first gotten it, but from the moment I started playing, I had the most fun I have had in a long time! This would probably still be fun, even without the game of the year!
Assassins creed 2 is one of the games you have to get.The story is perfect. It links the tutorials well with the game.Assassins creed 2 has outstanding characters with amaingpersonalities and details.Definitly will bring you into the series!
