Dirty Bomb is a free and very enjoyable fast-paced action shooter, right up there with the likes of Team Fortress 2. The game is fair on all player skill levels; you'll find many servers with a level cap, ensuring that everybody gets a fair chance. There are micro-transactions in place, but there is no emphasis on using the system, as all items that can be purchases using real cash, may also be purchased using in-game credits. What's more is that these credits are earned very quickly, and there are often events such as double xp and random loot drops, which ensure that evey player gets the same opportunity to see what these top-tier items are like. Yes, I am aware that at the time of this review being written, my playtime hours are rather low, but that is mainly due to the fact that I am playing on old system, while making do with a sub-par internet connection. With that being said, I have made sure that I have explored most of what the game has to offer, and I can come to the conclusion that Diry Bomb is a great game that deserves a place in everybody's steam library, and after all, it's free.
Time-wasting in its finest hour.
World of Guns: Gun Disassembly is a good game, so long as you don't invest real cash into it. The game starts you off with a rather annoying tutorial, which you can't skip at all, focusing on exploring the game's various features and how to disassemble/reassemble the starting firearm, the AK-47. The modeling and texturing of the AK-47 is very intricate and appealing, however this level of polish is only present for the first two 'starter' weapons, the second being the M1911 handgun, -also very detailed and highly polished. Every other weapon that I have unlocked using the in-game currency-based unlock system are awfull, low-polygon, muddily textured guns that come no where near the standard set by the starter weapons mentioned earlier. If you were to invest real money in this game to bypass the game's very grindy nature, you'd sorely regret it because the awful weapon models heavily reduce your enjoyment of exploring the intricate designs of the weapons provided.However, if you can look past the blantantly lazy design of the models unlocked later in the game, you'll get a lot of enjoyment out of disassembling/reassembling a very wide array of both modern day and historical firearms. So, in conclusion, for the low price of nothing, World of Guns: Gun Disassembly is well worth trying out, if you're interested in firearms. I do not, however, recommend that you spend real money on the game's firearm models, unless you just want to support the developers.
Nothing comes close to the entertainment-money ratio that Portal 2 raises the bar to, at least in the puzzle genre. Worth buying at any price.
Best experienced with a friend, and ideally, a microphone.
I'll be brief.Fallout: New Vegas is the sucessor to 'Fallout 3' and puts the player inthe shoes of a courier within the Mojave Desert where civilizaiton is trying to rebuild after the events of a global nuclear war that resulted in the devestaiton of nearly everything not beneath the surface of the Earth. The game's atmosphere is stunning, more so if you have not yet expeirenced  fantastic 'Fallout 3'. The Mojave Desert if filled with countless NPS's, each with their unique personalities that brings the game to life and creates an immersive experience. Fallout: New Vegas is also rife with information that can be found by  in many ways, incluing uncovering the secrets of the game's characters, finding hidden notes, journal entries, or by hacking into computer terminals. Fallout: New Vegas' main quest line is relatively forgettable, but that's just a minor setback in the wake of the game's countless side quests that will keep the player intersted for potentially hundreds of hours. And that's not to mention the Fallout: New Vegas' six addons, which have become very affordable since the game's release. The conents of the DLC packs varies from additoinal weaponry and incredible stories than can be compelted in parallel to the game's vanilla main  quest.Overall, I highly recommend Fallout: New Vegas as it is the most complete and compelling 'Fallout' title to date, packed with content and astounding value for money that will entertain the player indefinitely.
