Its been a been a short while since release and its good to see the devs are infact fixing the problems. The game easily deserved the negative reviews at launch due to the shocking amount of bugs, but update to the 1.03 Beta and 90% of the problems are solved. As a game, and as a singleplayer mount and blade game it is good. Better than native (which is to be expected). This dlc is set 200 years after Brytenwalda (The dev team's last creation) which is an amazing mod if you like it's realism and skill required. Before you buy this, you must first look at Brytenwalda and then take into consideration the differences below. In a realistic historical standpoint, these 200 years brought little to no innovation and changes to weapons or tactics. The main difference in history are the Political views, the forming of Modern Europe and how nations 'started' to stopped fighting their ownkind and actually now worry about invaders from other lands.Worse than Brytenwalda:.Stability,.Diplomacy/Fief control,.Generally more options in Brytenwalda,.More secret places in Brtyenwalda/hidden quests,.Very little variety in arms and armour between factions and in general. Faction upgrade trees are almost identical aswell,.Missing weapons & armour that should be in the dlc that were in the Mod (2H axes, more bows, armour...).Sieges are far more simple, practically native. In Brytenwalda you would have to build a sewerage system, surround the fort, and had heaps of features on how you could starve the enemy and entice a peaceful surrender..Almost no unique troops compared to Brytenwalda. Brytenwalda had spies that could infiltrate places and cause problems. It also had Mercenary captains that would lead men for you in a seperate party..Overall less 'features'..Multiplayer is basically dead because of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ release. Better than brytenwalda:.Naval combat and buying ships is far improved. More variety and you can even order a custom ship, with custom wood, custom sails..This ties in with naval features, but as the map is expanded with overseas territories such as Denmark and Norway, the naval features become far more important. You can actually survive off fighting and raiding ships and monasteries..Religion is far more important, in Brytenwalda is just gave a slight penalty with other factions (often not enough to even annoy them). In VC it gives a much larger penalty, and certain religions will really restrict how you can make money, overall much more expanded and more important options that i have forgotten..Much more living and breathing atmostphere, when you visit a village the people are doing things like archery practice, eating and farming, not just walking aimlessly into fences..Story is actually pretty good. I thought it would be really short, but its really large and expanded. If you dont cheat and look at how the story progresses you will...  be surprised at how many options/choices sort of trick you into thinking they really make a difference. They do, but you will still end in either of the two endings, you just might take a different path.  Another potential spoiler   It really takes some time & MONEY!! to get moving throught the game and I couldnt join any factions as a vassal making it extremely hard to make money as a trying to be 'good' christian. If you were a careless Pagan, you could easily just raid, pillage and loot monasteries to make heaps of coin. There are a million other aspects to the game that I cant think of right now. If you need help making a decision, just ask.I bought it because mount and blade was amazingly good value for me. I have played it for a long time, and they deserve my money. Overall I was surprised with the Dlc, just dissapointed with stability until I updated to the 1.03 Beta. If you dont have any money, and want a challenging and advanced 'Vikingish' game, just download Brtyenwalda Repolished. (Just not the steam workshop version)
