The formula of - Team Fortress 2 - is the same as that established the original . Forget the traditional matches - deathmatch - , in which wins one committing the highest number of deaths . Here it is essential to work together : each player will be part of blue or red , which tends to contain the same number of participants in team games that are balanced . If a team has more players than the other , they will automatically redistributed in the next game .For now , those are two game modes : the traditional Capture the Flag ( it is here that a briefcase containing secret files , which must be stolen from the base of the opposing team and taken to the headquarters of his team ) , and taking control points . The latter Sutra some variations , as one in which the team must defend their area before the time runs out , before the opposing team to dominate , or that both teams capture control points simultaneously , and defend their own territory .The simplicity of the game makes it more enjoyable and dynamic , allowing the player to stay tuned to the nearest opponents and not goofing die . To capture a control point , for example, just stay on marked until a bar fills area . The more units of the same team , the faster the point will be taken .At times like this , strategy is what counts . The team that is more balanced , with characters of attack , defense and support working cooperatively , tends to win the game more easily. Why is this important communication between the players , either via voice and through instant messaging .An unforgettable teamAs previously mentioned , there are nine distinct character traits . They are the scouts , fast but vulnerable , incendiary, able to put your enemies on fire ; breaker, equipped with grenade launchers and landmines ; crude, the toughest of all , but also the slowest , engineer , builder sentry guns , doctor who restores the energy of the other players , sniper , able to inflict critical damage to long distances and spy, who has the ability to masquerade as any other character , facilitating infiltration.Each character has an arsenal of weapons itself, plus unique abilities like double jump or scout the power of invisibility spy . All this allows each team to prepare their own defense and combat tactics . The possibilities are virtually endless . Depending on the map, however , certain tactics are more efficient than others.For more frantic action that is , you can get acquainted with - Team Fortress 2 - in a matter of minutes . A low learning curve is a big advantage , especially for players less accustomed with online games . Simply connect to a server and taking action without those screens customization and configuration. Explanatory videos help you understand each objective , without major complications . It is an ideal game for any time , either for short or long and uncompromising and competitive matches .Of course , who does not have much skill with games of first person shooter and get into a server full of experienced players, which can be common in - Team Fortress 2 - , eventually finishing matches with the score reset , which can be quite frustrating . At this point , he lacks training areas or specific servers for beginners .Cartoon in game shapeThe animated feature - The Incredibles - was clearly an inspiration for the team of artists from Valve , which seem not hide admiration for cartoony and bold , characteristic also of - The Iron Giant - from the director of the Pixar movie . The visual design of the characters and cartoon perfectly combined with the uncompromising and fun proposal for - Team Fortress 2 - .The fighters are also provided for you . The forward scout , for example, the most agile of all , is young and slender , while the gunner brute , wielding a giant machine gun , is frowning . All move with a lightness and smoothness unparalleled , revealing animation work technically perfect, that owes nothing to the work of Pixar .All that style combined with the frantic action , worthy cartoon , makes the game even more fun than it was before. The high degree of violence of the original was maintained, leaving even more comical incessant battles .Regarding the sound part , the game needs more songs . Aside from the main menu, the action does not track soundtrack , being restricted only to the sounds of bullets and explosives , many taken from the own - Half-Life 2 ,- which unlike - Team Fortress 2 - has a much more serious issue . The contrast becomes inevitable , because you would expect from a game with visual cartoon drawings are classic Hanna Barbera sound effects.
