This game is SOMETHING ELSE, i have never experienced such an incredible mass of original absurdism and surrealism that still manages to have a solid foundation that you uncover throughout the long and satisfying plot.You play as a primitive, perhaps insane clan of Zenos taking on a scifi dystopian array of gatekeeper sience-golems to learn your place in the world and it is far bigger and far sadder than you could imagine, this game touches on deep philosophies and moral gordian knots and nuanced love/hate relationships with a cast of over a hundred unique characters. All this while face-punching your way to glory!If you ever wondered what a FPS piledriver looked like, search no more!cannot reccomend enough, I wrote a few blog posts about it :) ohwhatfreshhell.blogspot.com.au/2016/08/zeno-clash-ii-at-it-again.html
So good.Ai battelsuit with a dead man stuck inside it negotiationg a broken chain of Asimov-s-Law beuracracy
I CANNOT STOP COMING BACK TO THIS GAME.You have not lived if you havent been humped to death by a giant black jelly-baby, or permenantly killed yourself trying to kick in a door (no traps...you just stubbed a toe)I want to grow up and become a fungimancer.And now I know what lutefisk is.
A completely unique and fascinating game! I love it.Needs a little reading before you get into it so i made a small beginners checklist of things i found baffling for a while.Its one of those games that has elements that which could be seen as both features or bugs depending on how you perceive them!Noob things:This game is SO worth the initial effort! The medkit usage and map design comes off as a pain at the start but once you get the hang of it is a unique and awe inspiring gameplay experience!! Custom key-bind yr favourite abilities if you also hate the context wheel- its way to slow and impricise for combat!Get medikit research immediately!! In the meantime there is a spell and maintanence but its pretty ueseless.Understand that if you use the medkit below 20 ammo pts you may be instakilled... very offputting the first time. It charges only while equipped, but is invaluable.Swords can block everything except explosives. Very useful even if only for retreating.Crouch then jump for a crazy cyber jump.G for flashlight.Dont murder rats... it can cripple you later. (Look up critical wounds.. try not to play maps where you die constantly like i did as the critical wounds add up. This is curable late game)If a mission is at a dead end try opening the hack ability near doors etclook up some of the effective attack patterns! i found hacking REALLY HARDVision abilities are at the medical center in the HQ, once you have researched the right things to unlock them.This is great for sniping or scoping areas before you charge in.Ditto Cloak, if there is snipers etc this is pretty much a must have.The HQ is your home base, you can do enemy filled maps for small money by talking to the guy on the bridge or larger Secondary Missions by entering the big doors in the wall when they unlock. You will need to come here to level up a bit between Campaign missionsIf you fail a mission you still get paid and xp for all the murders you commited.Save your grinding until you get the noctis map :D
