Microtransactions.It wouldn't be so bad if it was just cosmetic but giving the guns buffs over other guns? No.EDIT: Well they've taken out of the microtransactions but the issue remains, they said they'd never do it and yet they did. I don't trust them anymore. Overkill is a great example of what not to do when your customers love you and what you create.
TL;DR: + Looks great, interesting creatures, technical achievement.- Little content, everything is the same, devs lied about multiplayer, horrible port, price.Do I recommend? Mostly, no. It-'s bland and mediocre. Few people would really enjoy this game. If it-'s on sale for $15 - 20 then maybe.4.5/10-----------------------If you take away all the hype No Man-'s Sky is exactly what it says it is, a space exploration game. I love exploration games and I don-'t mind No Man-'s Sky, but with that said I wouldn-'t recommend this to many people. It-'s a game that-'s devoid of content and seems more like a full priced early access game than a full-fledged game. I enjoy the relaxation of cruising around, collection resources and exploring new planets but it-'s only something I can enjoy in small bursts before I get bored and want to go play something else. This may be patched in the future but as many others have said, this game runs like crap. I have a decently new computer and can-'t sustain 60fps on a mixture of low and medium details and even when the fps is high the game still feels stuttery and jerky (even after going through all the developer fixes).EDIT 23/08: As of the latest patches performance has improved but not yet to the point where I-'m going to get rid of the above comment. I-'m still getting the occasional FPS drop and jerky overall experience.Pros:+ Beautiful looking game (with the exception of some textures)+ Interesting creatures (I found juming mushrooms and pineapples)+ Heaps of upgrades, tools and ships to collect+ Endless farming and exploring (if you-'re into that sorta thing)+ Technicaly achievement in terms of planets and creatures+ Naming things funny names (Jumping Pineapple)Cons:- HORRIBLE port, I have a decent computer and can-'t sustain 60fps on low/medium graphics- Some textures are very low res (even on higher details)- Grainy texture pop in- Devs lied about -multiplayer- and continue to avoid the issue- Bad UI, HOLD to interact? Get out of here!- PRICE. $60? NOPE.- After a couple hours you begin to get the feeling that every planet is the same- To add on the planets are boring, the landmarks are the same and the flora are just rinse and repeat- Spacestations are all the same and devoid of life- The aliens are bland, interaction is boring (they don-'t even exit their ships or walk around)- Combat (while not the main component of the game) is clunky and doesn-'t feel rewarding- There-'s just no content, there-'s nothing to do- Ship controls are weird, I just wanna crash my ship into the ground... LET ME PLS! (can be fixed with a mod...)- Floating resources? I just wanna be able to destroy the bottom and have it crash down!- Inventory manager simulator 2016- Can-'t decrease volume of -Siri robot-. Damn is she loud sometimes.- Animal parts are chosen out of a -lot bin- so you see a lot of the same things (I-'ve seen at least 3 jumping pineapples by now)
Don't let the lack of time played fool you, I've played this game for probably a hundred hours before its release on steam. This is a game I love and keep coming back to, each game is different and with the inclusions Alpha 14 have added make the game even more awesome! I can see this game becoming quiet the gem once it's fully released. Each playthrough has its ups and downs, you find yourself attached to certain characters, you swear when a swarm of aliens spawn inside your base and kill everyone and you relish at the thought of capturing prisoners and harvesting their body parts to sell on the black market. This really is an awesome game, highly recommended!
Not Simcity. Not Cities XL. Can rename cows.10/10But if I'm being serious it's a great game! If you're feeling let down by SimCity of Cities XL this will fill that empy void!
A fantastic game. Anyone that loves stratergy games will sink many many hours into this. It's a little confusing to start but once you get the hang of it you won't want to stop playing. I admit, it has a lot of DLC but many of them are worth it and with each major DLC release the developers add a heap of free content too. Awesome game!
A very beautiful game that has heaps of potential and is filled with cannibals, building and surviving alone or with others. In its current state it's feature lacking but has been recieving frequent updates. I imagine when it's closer to being finished it'll be a fun and exciting feature filled survival game. I'd recommend purchasing when it's more rich with things to do.
