Literally the best thing you could spend your money on this sale and the unchallenged position holder of my favorite game ever. But don't even try if you cannot play this with a controller.   Dark Souls is tremendously challenging yet with the challenge comes the single most rewarding experience in any game. It is designed to allow you to play the game repeatedly (a feature I have never enjoyed in previous games but is perfect here), with different character builds. Verying builds change the game so much that you could keep playing it almost indefinitely without running out of something unique to experience and it is in these secondary, tertiary and further playthroughs where this game shines brighter than ever. Being able to carve your way through the bosses who previously had you stumped for days is an incredible feeling and reflects your skill progression. And that's the thing: This game is toted as being incredible hard (and I cannot deny that it is at times) but at the same time, it makes you so skilled at it that what was once impassable becomes easy (so long as you don't drop your guard!). You are given the tools to become incredibly skilled and your skill will make you feel better than in any other game.   It stands up as one of the most graphically beautiful games I have ever seen, complimented by a beautifully imaginative art style and character design.   Combat is absolutely perfect and controls are so tight that you will never feel cheated when you die; it can only ever be your fault ;).   The multiplayer isn't to be ignored and offers a tremendous amount of enjoyment for those brave enough to give it a shot.   The story is as deep as you choose to delve. If you don't care for it, you can ignore it completely and have a great time but buried within is some of the most intriguing lore you could ever find, if you dare look for it (look at youtube user VaatiVidya for more).   All this said, some elements of the port to PC aren't so great. *IMPORTANT* Don't even try if you don't have a controller to play this with. And DS suffers from some serious display issues which make the game unplayable for me, without the use of the mod DSfix (Seen here: http://blog.metaclassofnil.com/?tag=dsfix).   Despite some issues (which can easily be fixed) this is the single greatest game I have ever played and I cannot recommend it more to anyone who has a controller and the determination to take arms against this tremendous challenge.
1. Run2. Jump3. Press Q (Right Bumper on controller)
Everyone expernences content differently, so tempered expectations are appropriate. That said, having never played anything like this it is easily my game of the year. If you have two fingers and $10, you owe it to yourself to play this game. If it goes on sale, desregard the fingers bit.
