Dig, explore, fight monsters, monster bosses, dig more find magic items or just shape the world to how you see fit. Do whatever your little heart desires.
Normally Sequals are expected to be superior to the orginal but unfortuanly this is not always the case. The singleplayer campagn is laughably  boring and rather prodictable. Muiltiplayer is ok with friends.Little from the Supreme Commander/forged alliance survived.Amphious or underwater walking gone.(not hover)More Experimentals just less effective, clones like the soul ripper 2 and fatboy 2 are shadows of thier formersevles.Aoen have no navy.Graphics have not been imporved.AI while more challanging at first will bore hardcore/RTS veterens.Not much stratagy, whoever spurns out more units fastest wins. Less maps and smaller.Cybran commander looks deformed.Tech tree and tier system gone. Replaced with exp system which become pointless once everything has been unlocked.Economy has no running costs for Shield generators nor artillary This game feels so watered down it is just not funny. if you loved the first game stay away from this mess if you didn't like the orginal then it will bore you.
An ok FPS but nothing more. with superior graphics to the original there is nothing about Counter-stirke: Global offensive that makes it standout in the FPS market.Not enough gunsNo option to change player modelRecoil and accuarcy of weapons not accurate.No built in weapons editor.Maps ok but nothing fancyI Certinally expected a lot more customizable options, maybe RPG games have spoiled me but even in Killing Floor you can change your player model, there are so many ways that this game can be imporved and I am hoping that it may happen but I will not be holding my breath.
A great RPG thats soars above so many others with its vast open world, fantastic music and wonderful storytelling. Play Skyrim anyway you want, do quests in your own time, complete freedom of movement. Craft weapons and amour, then enchant them. Use a vast array of spells, shouts, potions and racial ablitles. Become any charcter you can imagine. With hunderds of hours of gameplay you won't be seeing the light of day anytime soon.
A improvement on the original, with better gun damage a new charcter,new weapons and more enemies.
Lots of aliens! Lots of guns! What else do you need?
Brutal and fun. Level up and waste some interesting monsters in a six player co-op from HELL.
