Ah, Kingdom Rush. I-'ve played it since the Armorgames and Kongregate times. I have it on my phone (and its expansion as well!) and now I have it on my Steam account.This is a tower defense games with quite a relatively small arsenal of towers compared to other tower defense games (4 basic tower types that eventually branch out into 8 different towers at maximum upgrade level). However, despite its simple mechanics, the variety of enemies as well as the level design actually contribute to a very fun game. The great cartoon art as well as a number of memorable voice acting lines don-'t hurt, as well. (-Reinforce!-)For those not in the know, there are free versions written in Flash that you can access at the above websites, and are available for very cheap (~$1) on mobile. This Steam game is a complete rewrite of the game using Unity. Why should you care about buying this when you can get it for cheaper elsewhere? There are a multitude of reasons, so read on and judge for yourself.* No microtransactions. The most noticeable difference is that you can get all the heroes on Steam just by playing, whereas on mobile and the Flash versions, you will have to spend way more money than what the Steam version costs to get all of the heroes beyond the three that you unlock with game progression. Granted, the game is designed in such a way that you don-'t really need to buy heroes to win. (As a note, it appears that the last three heroes have not yet been released on Steam, but will appear in a future update.)* High-def art and full-screen resolution. The overworld map is much more stylized and beautifully detailed than the other versions. If you don-'t like playing on a small Flash window or a small mobile screen, the Steam version might be for you.* Steam Trading Cards and Steam Achievements. If you-'re into these, then this game is for you. The achievements are of particular note; it is actually not difficult to achieve them, only time-consuming (for a few of them, at least).* Premium content in terms of maps. There are a bunch of levels and mini-campaigns in this version that you needed to purchase in the other versions. Also, an exclusive campaign will be released in a future update.Once again, use your best judgment as to the choice between free and paid versions. My recommendation, however, is BUY this amazing game and support the developers.
People will have absolutely differing opinions on Surgeon Simulator. On one hand, it is a very quirky and somewhat cathartic game: where else are you actually *encouraged* to permanently remove a person-'s lungs in order to do a heart transplant --- which is a simple matter of dropping that squishy-looking red blob into the open chest of a heavily anesthesized person.On the other hand, the controls are very difficult to get used to. They are really awkward, and you may find yourself cursing because you dropped the bone saw, so you would need to improvise by using, say, a hammer to break off ribs. This difficulty is the inherent appealing factor of the game, though, and there are many people who love it. I liked playing the game but only for a very short period of time.You will like this game if you liked playing that flash game named QWOP, where the horrible controls constitute the main game mechanic. In my opinion though, I would not recommend buying this game unless you are already absolutely certain you will enjoy this. I only had a minimal level of enjoyment because the novelty factor ran out for me fairly quickly, and soon became frustrated. I actually thought I would enjoy it a lot, because gameplay videos looked very fun, but fiddling around with the -simple- controls became a most arduous task, and ain-'t nobody got time for that!
Bastion puts the player smack in the middle of a post-apocalyptic scene, as the Kid who survived the Calamity. As you start the game, the excellent music and voice acting will surprise you. The game starts out looking like a generic action game with a few interesting mechanics (such as the world building itself in front of you) but you will quickly realize that there is a huge variety of weapons you can use in this game; in fact, I'd say that the combat system is one of its strongest points. The plot is also not bad, with a little bit of flashback to flesh out the characters in the game, a couple of plot twists, and multiple endings. Without spoiling anything, I will say this: one of the ending sequences is possibly one of the more gripping ones I've played through.And when you finish the game, you will probably want to play it all over again. I did.
