I can't describe how much I love this game. There is an amazing amount of polish and balance, from the visuals and the strategic depth, all the way to the raw and dirty visceral depths that combat can descend to.Let me tell you about the combat; It is good. My most memerable battle so far was a 2v2 where I aided a weaker captain vs a bandit, only for a high level bandit to join in.Bandit capital ships are weaker but they have an insane number and reserve of strike craft, which increases by level (not fighters, those are different). My ally engaged the motherships while I thinned the swarm but he was being overwhelmed, so I rammed the strongest enemy and kept thrusting to push him away (ramming is a big mechanic, more on it later). Freed to 1v1, my ally succeeded in destroying the first pirate, but at high cost; his shields down, his nose and two wing modules torn off and floating free, a core destroyed and his health but a sliver. Sensing blood, the swarm of strike craft pounced. There was nothing I could do to save him. He exploded magnificently, destroying many of his attackers who were too slow to flee.The remaining pirate and I circled while exchanging broadsides, each deadly piroette bringing us closer to a field of asteroids. His strongest weapons were on his nose and he fought to bring them to bear. I, meanwhile, was slightly more manoeuverable and clung on the the relative safety of his rear, while picking of the remaining swarm. Our shields failed at the same time.Shields, armour and hull are not just 3 interchangeable stats in SPAZ2. Shields are the most familiar, a flat, regenerating, protective field. Armour is different. Every single non core piece of the motherships have their own armour, some of which is shared to the core. If a part loses all its armour, it is torn off, and sometimes destroyed. Hull, or health is only relevent to the cores of the ship and when that is gone; boom. So unlike other games, it isn't destroy shields>armour>hull with various piercing weapons, it is shields>tear them to pieces or shoot straight for the core.We tore each other to pieces. I took his right wings out but clipped an asteroid at speed, destroying my left. Caught against it, he was able to bring his nose to bear, shreading off my remaining wings and one of my engines. Now he was more manoeuverable.In despairation, I boosted, smaller asteroids tearing into my hull until I placed a large one between us. Frustrated momentarily, he stopped and reloaded. Seizing this last opportunity, I came out of hiding behind him, my last weapons pounding his engine, trying to even the score. But it wasn't enough. He began to turn and rained fire on my last engine. Before I could be left helpless, I once more boosted, this time straight at his exposed engine, knocking it into the void while my nose crumpled and exploded.Both helpless now, no engines, but still he had weapons and he slowly, ever so slowly, turned to bring that hateful nose to bear. With nothing left, I had a moment of inspiration and grabbed the astreroid chunks with my tractor beam. In space, surrounded by the refuse of awesome technology, I beat him to death with a rock.A narrow victory, I collected the refuse of our 4 ships to just bearly rebuild 1, and then jumped to the void.All actions described above REALLY ARE IN THE GAME. If two things collide, they do armour type damage (very weak vs shields, weak vs hull) to eachother based on their mass and speed. If you can get an enemies shields down while yours are still up, boost at him/her, smash their bits off! Beware of ramming with your shields down, as you can wreck yourself. Finally, you can rebuild your mothership WHILE IN COMBAT. A wing came off? Try and grab it before it goes to far, and reattach it! Enemies powerful weapon came off? Remove your own and replace it!Did I mention I love this game?Also, there are so many viable ways of building your mothership, and none are perfect for all situations. I keep parts in storage to swap forms when dealing with different kinds of threats (General flying, starbases, pirates, mining) but my general form is the ION shield ram: Huge shields/thrust and some ION weapons or lasers to take down shields so I can ram them. It is weak to strike craft and starbases however, and is hard to mine with.
