Simulation Simulator 2013 10/10
Graphics are good for a f2p gameGameplay is unparalelled, no other game like itWeapon modification is coolNo real bias i've noticed (Although Russia seems to always gain the upper hand in wars)Squad update made people work more as a team (my first game since the update was ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic)Updates coming thick and fastGenerous devs give veteran membership at least once a month or updateNow to the cons;Graphics are seriously unoptimised, given i have a GTX630 i still only get 60fps on 800x600 and low settingsWeapon modification is expensive however ohk rifles recoup the lossesSquad update was a big mistake, there are plenty of reviews as to why this is the case and i don't feel like becoming that kind of person.
I was going through a rough time in my life. My parents were fighting constantly, I had no friends, and everyone I met hated me because I was fat. I needed something to prevent me from suicide. I could not find anything I really liked. I tried buying toys, but the store clerks always prevented me from buying anything because I was overweight. I tried making a vlog on YouTube about my troubles, but I was banned from youtube for supposedly impersonating Gabriel Iglesias. Google fined me all of my money until I only had $10 left.The only things I had were things necessary for my survival. I was fed a potato every other day and also given water in a shot glass. Sometimes I forced myself to use the water as a way to bath instead of drinking it. I was locked in my room every day cuz my parents were busy fighting about which console to play on. Well, not entirely.I had this netbook, one my parents got me for my birthday when I was 12. I used it for school, mostly, until now. I was also lucky enough to have a charger, and all the stuff you need to use the netbook. I decided, maybe give video games a try. No one would judge me there. I was unable to play the f2p games because A. They took too much storage and B. I would be banned whenever I joined a multiplayer game. I remembered the $10 I had left.I knew I had to find something that gave me a reason to live. I looked through the steam store. Jesus almost nothing was $9.99! I was about to give up and just end my life when I found this game. Ratz Instagib. $9.99, without 10% tax. It took up all the space on my netbook. After waiting for it to download, I opened up the game. Upon opening it up there was a well made launcher with many options. Once I opened up the actual game, I heard a sweet jazz song, and saw some badass looking ratz and a cool map. Was this what I needed to continue livingIt was. I am proud to say Ratz Instagib saved my life. The characters were deep, had personality, and I was able to connect with them. The story was unique, suspenseful, and I shed multiple tears. The graphics were revolutionary, and the soundtrack was the first good thing I had heard in awhile. It, in a way, provided everything I needed to live. The characters were my friends. The game was like a good parent. The game was easy to fap to. I could have just played the game for my entire life. It was amazing. It changed me. Here I am, sitting in my room, now infested with bullet ants and bees, starved half to death and with my throat about to dry up. But you know what? I do not care. Because I have Ratz Instagib. And I will always have Ratz Instagib. This game is my life now. I am finally happy. I am finally free. I know now the meaning of life. And only because  Lino Slahuschek games spent their time on this godly game.
YES FINALLYTREYARCH THANK YOU FOR GIVING US A WW1 GAME...in the form, of a dlc for zombies?..hmm ok
Headshot Simulator 200910/10
This is a really really really really really great game and a new take on the crappy fps's that dominate the modern market. 10/10
Armchair general mode activated
This is Men of War Assult Squad 1With worskhopAnd multiplayerAnd if mods don-'t work togetherWelcome to -Safe mode- where you can remove those problem mods at the cost of 10 minutes re-doing your graphics settingsThe missions are repetitive as heck so you better pray those mods workThe multiplayer isn-'t even good i hear too and you can hardly find a matchIn my opinion, just buy Assult Squad 1 and have a little fun rather than feed the devs for this peice of junk.
A Irish tankman in a British tank threw me a British gun and said it was better than my American none 10/10I grew up with Call of Duty United Offensive and thought that was the best WW2 game ever.I played Medal of Honor Airborne and thought it was too much -For America-I watched Band of Brothers and loved the authenticity and quality of the seriesI really like strategy games.Played Valiant Hearts The Great War and loved the character personality, emotional storyI was gifted Brothers in Arms Hell-'s Highway for my birthday last week.Graphics of Medal of HonorSquad based gameplayEmotional story, character personalitySound and story of Band of Brothers without the American biasOh and move over Unite d Offensive, this is my new favourite WW2 shooterHighly reccomend, definetly going to bu ythe expansions. The only negative would be it was obviously made for console so the graphics are too good for my 8GB Ram Ninvidia 2GB GTX 630, but if i turn down the resolution to 1600x1024 and shadows to low it runs smoothly. Also some of the controls are more inclined to be used with a controller. 9/10
