So I bought this game on sale, and it looked really good, but I couldnt play it because my com♥♥♥♥r was a ♥♥♥♥, but now, on my new com♥♥♥♥r, It works fine. This game is really fun, Like, REALLY FUN. I'd say that it's a lot more fun than even Space marine was for me, and as an avid fan of warhammer 40k, That means something. There are a few balance issues though. For starters, jumping backwards is the same speed as running forwards, so you know, Melee is really easy to counter. Speaking of that, Almost everything you come across is a counter for melee.Shotguns, Miniguns, Sniper rifles, Launchers, EVEN SOME GRENADES WHIPE THE FLOOR WITH YOU. Now, I'm not saying melee is impossible, quite the opposite, It's really fun. Personally i'm a fan of the Heal katana, but i dont see it often. It's just kind of annoying when you get someone with a freeze gun so that you cant move, a fire grenade so you cant heal, and a shotgun to sit right infront of you, but just out of range. Speaking of that, I cant figure out which one, But one of the shotguns seems really freaking broken. In three games, this same guy was wielding it, and it ended up deciding the fate of all three games. I mean what the ♥♥♥♥? It has a set spread and high damage and fire rate. Who thought that was a good idea? It doesnt even have a slow reload speed or anything. Once it starts rolling, it doesnt stop, unless you snipe him down, which you cant do because there's freaking terrain literally everywhere.Other than that, the gameplay really is quite fun. The main gamemode is titan mode, where, when the game starts, you have enough for one peice of armor, and both teams have a titan. Both titans are invulnerable untill they start to fight.Pretty much at this point you have two choices, Help destroy theirs, or use excessive force to stop them from destroying yours. After either dies, the other goes on to try break two walls, There are turrets that assist you at this point, but the enemies can destroy those. After either has destroyed both walls, they have to break the enemies power core with four hits. When both die, a new phase begins called the creep round, in which you go around killing some creeps for recources for armor and to power up your titan. There are also golden ones, which are really fast and hard to kill with melee (Rip), Which, as you can guess, gives better recourses and boosts your titan even more. As you kill enemies, your currently equipped weapon levels up up to 5 times. When you die, it resets. I'm not sure how the reset is calculated, but i often end up with level 2-3 out of spawning, which is wierd. So armor has three levels and doesnt reset. Armor has really nice bonuses, For instance, i use a centurian armor set, which gives bonuses to yourself and nearby teammates, like movementspeed damage and healing bonuses. it also raises your health by a bunch. All in all, I reccomend this game. it's really fun, but not without it's kinks. I'd say about a 7.5/10.
Game is good. is fun to me.
So this game is INCREDIBLY fun. First off: It-'s a sidescrolling MOBA. On the surface, Awesomnauts isn-'t very SRS BIDNESS. It has a rather nice roster of characters, and each has items you can buy from the store for it with currency you get from killing things. There is no effective -Levelling-. Each level that it says, is actually how much gold you-'ve earned. 100 is 1 lvl. Your characters-' two skills are purchased in the shop, and once purchased, you can then purchase up to three upgrades out of six possible for each ability, and then three to upgrade basic attacks (passives are often lumped in) and then three upgrades for positive character buffs, like making CC effect you less, increasing your movement capabilities, Some can heal by collecting money, that kind of thing. After each game you gain exp to level, and each level grants you more and more possible upgrades to purchase in a game. Other than this system, there is no way to gain extra statistics to use in matches, and all purchasables are cosmetic. Due to simplified systems of the game, there is a rather large amount of skill and co-operation involved with actually getting somewhere. Both teams can pick the same characters, but your teammates cannot pick the same character as you within a match. I think that-'s about all? But I really enjoyed it, and you should definately give it a go, especially if you find it onsale. I rate a solid: 8.5/10
So, This game is pretty great. It-'s a 2v2 action fighter that emphasises use of three dimensional combat, and if you don-'t, well you-'re going to get rekt, simple as that.It-'s business model is incredibly fair, all characters cost the same, and you get all characters free for FOURTEEN DAYS after you start playing. THAT IS INSANE. You also get an xp boost, points boost, AND ONE CHARACTER TO KEEP FOR FREE. Also unlike most games, the xp and points boosts arent automatically applied, so you can put them on whenever you have time to play a bunch, but the boosts also last for FOURTEEN DAYS.Basically, Both teams act on a shared life basis, and there are three tiers of character, each one takes up more lives than the last, but is far more powerful. I think this is a very effeciant system, because even with a tier three character, it-'s possible to get DESTROYED by a tier one, simply because they-'re better than you, However, they have a lot less health, so yeah, squishy alert. Six tier one deaths means a loss, three tier twos, and two tier threes. a total of Six -pips- on the life bar, really.I reccomend this to anybody who likes tag-team fighters, and just fighter games in general. Feel free to add me and we can play some together! But be aware, i-'m from new zealand, and timezones suck :<
This was the first ever game i got on steam. Let me say, Its still as Entertaining now!.It-'s the final capstone of the Dawn of War series, and It does it-'s job.It has a mostly Rich Campaign that was well thought out, has a degree of difficulty, and makes sense.Now, It-'s not as RTS-'ish as the first dawn of war games, however it-'s kind of evolved to feel more like tabletop.Good points:A Choice of three characters per army in multiplayer.Each multiplayer faction (Eldar, Space Marines, Orks, Tyranids, Chaos Space marines, Imperial Guardsmen) Has a trio of unique Heroes to use to represent you In-game. Mostly, These -Generals- Fall into: Offense, Defense, Support. There are also Stealth and Teleportation heroes, but they are fewer than those three.>IMPERIAL GUARDImperial Guard has The Inquisitor as offense, The Commissar lord as Support, and the Lord General as Defense.THE INQUISITORThe Inquisitor mostly focuses on PURGE EVERYTHING WITH FIRE, and she does it well. Her main weapon wargear gives her abilities to combat small amounts of powerful foes, and large amounts of less-thans with relative ease. She does however fall off against tanks and super-heavies a little, but, I mean come on.THE COMMISSAR LORD.The Commissar lord focuses around boosting nearby squads, and nearby squads boosting him. Sound a bit cryptic? Well, A certain peice of wargear he can get boosts his health regeneration depending on how many nearby friendly squads there are. Other than this, he is also superior for demoralizing and debuffing enemy troops. Reducing damage output, Tankability ETC. Unfortunatly, He too suffers against tanks and Superheavies...Not looking good for Guardsmen, Huh?THE LORD GENERAL.So, the other two fall off against tanks and superheavies? WELL HERE IS REDEMPTION. The lord general is Followed by a personal squad, that get the same weapon as he does. Upgrade him with flamer? Burn all the troops. Upgrade with melta? Astala♥♥♥♥off tanks. On this topic, when you give him a meltagun, he gains the ability to turn nearby allies-' gun cooldown to 0. Gun Cooldown? Wtf does that mean? It-'s basically the -Reload- of a gun, or the time between bursts that a gun fires. Hence, it has no boost on flamers...But on autocannons that fire basicallly miniature rockets?~>SPACE MARINESWelcome to the Fanboy-'s wet dream. The space marines have a Captain for offense, Apothecary for -Healing-. and techmarine for Defense.THE CAPTAINWelcome to the all you can eat anti-everything extraveganza!. He-'s basically a Glorified sargent who can be upgraded to specialise against everything. That not enough for you? WELL THEN LOOK NO FURTHER. He can be upgraded into Tactical Dreadnaught armor, AKA Terminator armor, which takes away most of his options of weapons and stuff, But, as the name suggests, gives you a hell of a lot of resistance. While in termy armor, you can equip an Assualt cannon, good against heavy troops, a heavy flamer, Good against light troops, and twin power claws, good against anything.THE APOTHACARYAs his name, and specialty suggests, The Apothacary-'s strength lies in his ability to keep units, and even allied heroes, alive. When giving the Sanguine chainsword and put with a personal squad of assualt terminators, this guy just wont go down easily. His global abilities also allow him to revive allied heroes from anywhere on the map!...Pretty nifty.THE TECHMARINENot really much to see here, he-'s kind of just your normal defense-archtype. can build turrets and ♥♥♥♥, and is fairly tanky.>CHAOS SPACE MARINESThe Chaos space marines! Mine, and my best friend-'s personal favorite. For Offense, They have the mighty Chaos lord, For Defense, The Putrid Plague Champion, and for Support, The...Sorceror.THE CHAOS LORD.This guy is the biggest cheese around. You know how i said terminator armor was an upgrade for the captain? WELL THIS GUY GETS IT FREE. He has superior Anti-hero capability, and all around Anti-EVERYTHING. Unfortunatly, i havent played him much, so i cant tell you much more than that.THE PLAGUE CHAMPION.This guy is my Bro. While the apothacary can keep his guys alive, this guy can simultainiously do that, kill enemies, and give toughness auras. Not only this, but his anti-infantry capability is absolutely amazing. He is capable of destroying 5 squads of guardsmen with a single DoT grenade!. Alongside this, He also give global abilities to boost this further, like making a highly damaging cloud that tears through Squads, and an ability that once enemies die, they come back for a little bit as MO♥♥♥♥ING ZOMBIES. THE SORCERORThis guy is just -♥♥♥♥ your turrets.- Normally, you-'d have to waste a few guys flanking base turrets. With this badass, you can teleport him behind their turrets, and then use a global to bring EVERY UNIT YOU CONTROL. TO HIM. Ez.13zTHE ELDARThis...Is actually getting boring quickly, and i-'m still on the first good point...Can i stop now? :sAnyway: Other good points:Story mode and multiplayer are amazing, and have few bugs.Last stand, despite a few bad points, Is actually the reason i love this game.Bad points: Last stand has lots of bugs, and some characters have very little background. And thats it.GG.
I actually really like this game, it has a very unique charm and flair. from parodies of popular games and movies, to cheery kill everything insight you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, all in all it's a good game to ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ up. (history not included.)
So apparently people seem to think that this is 2d minecraft. No. It is not.Minecraft is a 3D sandbox builder with rpg elements, while Terraria is more like an RPG with sandbox elements.So terraria starts you off pretty well. You have one of each major tool, discounting hammer. An Axe sword and pick. As it goes, you must make a small house on your first day, to make sure not to get rekt at nighttime. Then you have to make a small town for npcs to come. While they're not completely neccessary, and it Is possible to go through the whole game without them, You're gonna have a real hard time, because that means no shroomite, which is an extremely useful hardmode resource. It also means you have to make your own bullets and ♥♥♥♥, and man, ain't nobody got time for that. Infact, I think without NPCs you have to make do with arrows...sux...Anyway, then you basically dig some crap, make some armor, beat some bosses, stress out when you enter hardmode and suddenly biomes start corrupting everything and you just have no idea what is going on. And pretty much after that you can do whatever the hell you want.All in all, I really like this game. It's really quite fun, and there's a lot to do. Got bored of building? Fight a boss! Got bored of fighting bosses? Go dungeonaring! Got bored of dungeonaring? Consider Building stuff. Oh yeah and look out for wyverns. I give this a 8.5/10 c:
