At the time of writing, I have completed the main story once and the expansion content, and there's still stuff I haven't done. I also plan to play the game through again to get to all the stuff I missed and the ultimate ending.Dragon's Dogma is a triumph of what all RPGs should aspire to be. Solid, challenging gameplay, classes that not only all play differently, but all feel powerful and fun to use in their own right, great enemy and boss design and unique game mechanics. I am yet to see a game that does many of the things DDDA does, let alone does so well.The pawn system, where each player designs their own constant companion that other players can then take into their game to help them out,  is a great way to make up for the player's weaknesses in a fun and original way while encouraging creativity, co-operation and competition. Each player can try to create the best pawn for their playstyle, or just a fun, creative character to represent them. The more the pawn plays with you or someone else, the more knowledgeable and smart they become.The game really shines, however, in its battle mechanics. The player has so many techniques at their disposal with the skills and augments system, the different classes, and teamwork with your party. You can jump on and climb large enemies to attack their weakpoints directly, or magic users can create platforms there. You can disable different parts of an enemy or inflict debilitating status effects. I'm constantly impressed by how fluid and fast the combat is, and am always discovering new things you can do in combat. In some ways it feels like an MMO, where you work out a strategy for dealing with certain beasts or difficult rooms, and then your entire party works together to accomplish it. The ambush system, where powerful enemies can sometimes appear at random to throw a wrench in your plans, makes every encounter fresh.I preordered this at launch for essentially half price, because of money I earned selling marketplace items, but even if I had gotten it at full price, it's made up its worth in dollars per hour thrice already.A great soundtrack is the icing on the cake in what's a fun, exciting game that will ruin your expectations for every other RPG.
Hue is a colour-based puzzle-platformer. You are given a palette of colours and an array of obstacles, interactable objects and hazards in these colours. Each time you change to a colour, all of the objects of that colour disappear and you can move yourself and other objects through them. The core gameplay consists of switching through colours and manipulating objects, phasing some in and out of existence in order to make your way to the end of the level.Unlike many puzzle games, however, these puzzles are always intuitive and never infuriating. You will usually know exactly what to do very quickly, and even if there is a little thinking outside the box involved, these levels are not particularly long or complex, so even later levels will not take more than ten to fifteen minutes in total to figure out, and can be completed in thirty seconds once you know what to do - though there are quite a few curveballs where you get close to the end and realise things aren't going to work the way you intended, so it's back to the drawing board! They are also well-designed; each level has a few hazards, but dying will never take you back more than a few moments. There are also very few situations where you will be stuck and need to reset the level. The end result is that you will never be too frustrated at a level. You will always know where you went wrong and what to do to proceed, and you will never feel that your deaths were unfair. Many times I entered a level, looked at it, and thought 'oh no, this is going to be a rigmarole' and was always proven wrong by how intuitive and simple it really was. The levels are always fun and interesting to play, throwing in new mechanics every few levels so you never get bored or complacent. There are also a few short pure platforming sections mixed in to shake things up a little and keep things varied.As well as exemplary gameplay, Hue also exhibits a fantastic soundtrack and aesthetic. A simple, cartoony art style with snappy animation makes everything stand out, and really helps with making the levels intuitive. The soundtrack is an eclectic acoustic mix of mostly slow piano tracks, with the odd bouncy, fun song mixed in to keep the mood high. The sound design is also snappy, with everything having its own distinct, fun sound.The one area where the game is not so great is the story. There are many sections where you are merely wandering down a corridor, listening to some narration. The story is a little interesting, but the writing is not fantastic, often very simple philosophical musings that don't really add anything to the game. The voice acting is great, but while these sections are short, they take a minute or so each, which is quite a lot in a game like this where levels are also short, and only serve to slow down the pacing.Overall, Hue is one of the few puzzle games I have played in which I never got frustrated or felt the puzzles were unfair or padding (apart from the story sections). The levels being short really helps the gameplay, so that you are never stuck anywhere for too long. The level design is some of the best I have seen in a puzzle game; always intuitive and simple, but still making you think differently every time.Highly recommended and one of the best puzzle games I have played.
With all the hubbub around another great recent sprite-based indie RPG, I keep recommending those that liked that one to try out LISA.It's a post-apocalyptic tale of a father searching for his daughter in a hellscape full of twisted mutants and the worst of humanity that will play at your emotions and expectations, part absurdist, part horrifyingly real.The battle system is unique, with a big emphasis on status effects and dialing in combos like a fighting game. While some of these techniques (anything involving tripping, oil+fire attacks) will turn most battles into a cakewalk, it's offset by the ridiculous brutality of many of the bosses.However, the story and writing is the best part of the game. The creator toes a fine line between absurd, often crude or sardonic humour and extremely serious moments that will have you on the edge of your seat. Many times you will have to choose between two horrible decisions, and the consequences will impact the rest of your game. There are no happy endings in The Painful RPG and the game will always remind you of the awful choices you made.A twisted and groovy soundtrack tops it all off. I am yet to find another game quite like LISA.
Charming RPG with a great soundtrack, a unique, danmaku-style battle system, a complex, branching story that keeps track of your every move, and oozing with charm and character. If you liked the Mother series, you'll love this; just as whimsical, full of detail and love, and hiding a dark secret.Undertale will mess with your mind in ways you never thought possible, and will change the way you think of RPGs forever. Just when you think you've found everything there is to find, there's still more secrets to discover.And the best part is, nobody has to die.Get dunked on.
Rollicking good fun, and an accurate portrayal of Australian life.
Excellent strategy game, not difficult to pick up and very comprehensive.
puur br00tal trvkvlt aktion
