Dying Light ReviewAbout the game This game is a zombie game, except it isn-'t an ordinary one, dying light gives you the experience of running and doing awesome crap, there is parkour, many different types of zombies, easter eggs, etc. Techland did an amazing job of making dying light, but, there are a few mistakes Techland made. We-'ll disscuss about the problems later. Anyways, this game is great, you-'ll have a lot of fun playing this game and even the story is cool. You can earn skills to upgrade your power, survivor and agility. Dying light makes you feel like you can actually parkour. They did an amazing job at parkour. Now, let-'s talk about the plot.The PlotYou start as someone by the name of Kyle Crane, you work for a company the -G.R.E- who tells you that a man named by Kadir Suleman stole a file from the -G.R.E-. Your mission is to find the file and to make sure Kadir Suleman doesn-'t upload the file because it contains data that could harm the world.Easter EggsThere are TONS of easter eggs in Dying Light. Techland is very good at hiding these little things that you can miss very easily. EX: Plants vs zombies, right hand of Glova, korek machete, expcalibur, etc. Some easter eggs could actually help you, for example, the EXPcalibur, it is a sword that has 6 durability, may sound bad I know, but, this weapon will literally make a zombie fly away, LITERALLY. The Korek machete is a weapon with only 35 durability but has high amount of damage when you start the game. I love all the easter eggs in Dying Light, Oh! I forgot, there is a last of us easter egg! In the mission -The Bunker- you will go inside a house where an elevator will be there, inside the elevator a zombie will come out, it-'s head looks like a clicker and when you kill it, you get an upgrade called -Clicker-.MistakesTechland has made a few mistakes in Dying Light, one of them is the game itself, the game is POORLY optimized, if you have a Mac, I don-'t think you-'ll be able the run Dying Light for a second. You have to get a good laptop or PC, I recommend the Lenovo Y50 as my brother has it and Dying Light runs smoothly. You can get another laptop if you want, it-'s just my recommendation. Dying Light can also have DLL problems and crashing problems, luckily! Some people have made a guide on how to fix these things. Just search them up on Google or on YouTube.DLCsThere are cool DLCs in Dying Light. The -Be The Zombie- mode was actually supposed to be a DLC but then was given to everyone because Techland released the game late and that was their apology. I recommend getting the -Season Pass- as they are making a HUGE DLC named -The Following- and it is going to be AMAZING. There are costume DLCs but I don-'t really think everybody has to get it.THE ENDThanks for reading my review! :D
