This game is basically crazy fun. You and up to 3 other friends plan a heist to rob banks, buildings, passports all to escape the country. Despite what you might think, the story is fairly well thought out. The gameplay is top notch, with one catch. In the top down view, the mechanics still work on line of sight. So you might be walking round a corner into the room of heavily armored goons. This catch makes for many historical and hilarious Friday night playthroughs of this game as you will be playing this game for hours on end. I recommend this to anyone who love a good thrill and want to try something different.
fantastic game, I've followed this game through the early stages of Alpha, a pat on the back to Wilnyl the Dev. He's always adding new features and improving the game at every turn.Gameplay wise, the planes control fluetly. The game is designed around having fast and responsive reflexes, so if you are coming from a game like War Thunder it may take some getting used to. However, once you get the hang of it, you'll be dipping and diving in ways you never thought you would.The visual style is also atounding, you can really pull an artsy-claymation vibe from the asthetics. I also like how no matter what orientation you are, the maps are designed so well that you can always pull off a cool trick or just straighten up again.It's a shame that there are no Aussie Servers, but from what Wilnyl has said it will all be implemented in the future, and lag is barely a problem. The Menus can also be a bit clunky, but that might just be me.this is definately worth the $9.99 you pay for, heck I'd pay $19.99 for this masterpiece. NO WILNYL DON'T RAISE THE PRICE! just get this game, you'll have an awesome time
Out of every single game I have ever played and ever will play, I have never seen anything more original than any other game. With its huge online community and near infinite modes, I doubt I could ever get bored with this game. If you could get one game in your whole life, GET THIS ONE!
