PROS:- Hats.- Free to play.- Strong community.- Graphics and caricatures.- Bunch of user-generated contents.- Lifetime support and updates confirmed (it is Valve.)CONS:- Hats (sick of them.)- Lack of tribute to id and Quake.- More players means inevitably more kids and toxic players, too (statistically speaking.)Final Remarks:I pre-ordered The Orange Box back in 2007 and I have watched from the start how Team Fortress 2 (TF2) evolved into something perpetual thingy and Valve's flagship of their both economically and experimentally successful multiplayer game (now of course DotA2 and CS:GO have risen to stand along and they all pretty much surpassed it.) Do you realize how monumental this game was (and seemingly still is) to gamers and even to Valve themselves? Steam Achievement and later drop system along with hats were first introduced for TF2. I remember when hat phenomenon was all over the place and everyone wanted Fancy Fedora so much.Here is one fun story about the game; A guy from SourceOP known as Drunken F00l got VAC-banned for making idling tool for TF2 and for cheating an event item known as Golden Wrench. Including him, people who used idling tool got their hats and items taken away meanwhile all other active TF2 players were awarded with Halo hats for not using the tool. But after sometime the ban on the SourceOP guy was lifted and he officially started working at Valve for his TF2 Backpack and something more. Well, that guy had talent and Valve definitely knew about it so they decided to hire him in spite of all violations of user agreements as a Steam user. It reminds me of the FBI hiring a genius financial fraudster and there is even a movie about it. So much drama over TF2, aye? You see, this game just has so many interesting stories to tell.When TF2 switched to F2P model, the community even got bigger and stronger than ever before and it is still growing even after many years have passed. All official updates and endless user-created contents enrich the game; more drops, more hats, more weapons, more maps, more Halloween and holiday events, more updates, more everything, and now skins just like in CS:GO; OMG VOLVO. And its market is being sustained on its own economy. Quite amazing. I personally no longer play this game anymore because I already played enough of it, but it is easily understandable why this game is still one of the most played games on Steam.. RECOMMENDED .
I never thought I'd hear myself say this but...killing cops and stealing ♥♥♥♥ is so much fun! never thought I would like a game like this, but I do like to play the occasional fps (such as rainbow 6, or borderlands). Payday is very challenging and yet at the same time so rewarding; when I finally complete a mission I've been struggling with I feel EPIC. It's very addictive, and the only negative thing I have to say is that I wish there was something to spend all your money on in game, like with Payday 2. I also really like that this game has co-op, I play with my husband and we have a blast. I highly reccomend this game. 
Great game! but i can't play the game due The following component(s) are required to run this program: Microsoft Visual C++ 2013 RuntimeBut i alr have the program what should i do know?
