Amazing game, very fun to fly around destroying things although the game deserves many more players. A map-making tool would be great!
Best game ever. After the first mission (Intro/tutorial kinda thing, only goes for a couple minutes) you get to free roam in a massive map with no restrictions or -do this mission to unlock an area- and destroy stuff. String cars to planes and watch it all explode. Base jumping, gliding, parachuting, skydiving, pretty much anything you could want to do with a grapple hook. Only downside is the missions are terrible. All of the stronghold takeovers are exactly the same, even the same order of doing things and the story isn-'t very immersive, but that gives way to mods. I usually don-'t install mods on games until I feel it is getting boring (Finished or almost finished it) but in just cause 2, pretty much the first thing I did after finishing 2 or 3 missions was install mods. (Grapple range+speed, HD clouds, HD sky and moon, etc) If you want the best experience, play on casual (Easy) because the only thing it really changes is how far your health regens, the harder difficulties make it easier to die, giving you less time to do awesome stunts.
Absolutely amazing game! Nice peaceful music, ships stay with your character even in other servers/saves. All enemys are randomly generated, so if you and your friends go to a planet, nothing there will have a name until you make one up, and then others on the server can call it that too. You wont have much of an idea what enemy you are talking about unless there are names. The game feels really good and pretty smooth, although the FPS isn't the best. I feel that most of the races are solid, although i would never play as the apes, and the Avian race is definitely my favorite.
--all the bad reviews are from an earlier time--yes its a copy of asgar.io, but for me at least its less laggy.items and levels make progression worthwile.i havent come across any requirements for real moneyits very addictive..that is all.
human centipede and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ power plugs. beauty.
I came for what it advertised, a multiplayer platformer with the ability to import your own playlists and have the level sync to the music, and I got what I came for. The controls are not the best, and at least one level is impossible with most of my songs, and the multiplayer seems sketchy, but it works and it was worth the 70c I payed for it. Its a nice game to play for 5-10 minutes with friends, but you can get bored of it quickly. I dont recommend it as a platformer, but as a casual, lighthearted multiplayer game with a cool graphic style, nice music and an awesome gimmick.
