Although the game has been released as early access, the gameplay and experience does not feel like a finished product. I'll start with the positives before explaining the negatives. The core themes and graphics of the game are absolutely stunning such that it gives a great fantasy MMO experience. This combined with the stunning sound and music, really does immerse you into Tree of Savior's world perils. In the first hour of jumping in, the artwork and the graphics really emphasise the capacity and potential of what a great game this will be. With over 60 different classes to play and a complex class system which allows a variety of builds, you can be a unique character in a beautiful fantasy world. The level cap is also enormous, being at 600, which definitely shines as a MMO grinder with a long-term future and goal. Class skills and gameplay has been thought out and the combat system does feel fluid to the extent of how a 2.5D game should feel.  However, the game falls flat after an hour or two of gameplay, where buggy quests, an extensive lack of game features, poor lag and frequent disconnections have riddled the game to be a nightmare in itself. The game in itself is very linear and can likened to be sitting on a straight rollercoaster at a theme park. It seems that the developers have just made many maps, pieced them together and thrown one or two NPC's in each one to give quests. Furthermore, there are only two main 'cities' in the game which are your starting cities and the entire game's NPC vendors are situated in the two areas. Nowhere else in the entire game do you find any other vendors or non-quest related NPC's. This makes exploration poor and lacking for a person who loves to explore every inch of a map. Additionally, if you are a non-paying player who chooses not to purchase tokens(equivalent of buying 30day VIP status), then you will be unable to perform a wide range of basic game functions. A few of these functions includes trading and sending items/currency to other players, not being able to use shared storage between your characters and only being allowed to list one item on the Auction House at a time with a higher tax rate. However, it is not to say that you cannot purchase these 'tokens' on the Auction House given you are commited and dedicated grinder. The problems do not end at game design but also to the management of the game. Poor planning to this 'early release' can be seen in the troubles every player are having in completing quests, where server overloads are forcing players to wait 5-10minutes when talking to each NPC. At the time of this review, half of the channels are not working and it disconnects the players from the server entirely. It has been a few days and there is yet to be an update from the developers on the situation of this issue. Furthermore, there are many stories of character being 'stuck' on these disconnected servers and as such, players are stuck unabling to play. You'll be ripping out your hair more than the enjoyment of the game.I would strongly recommend new players to holdout from playing this game until there are further updates which fixes alot of the problems and issues this Tree of Savior has.Pros:+Great artistic visual graphics+Stunning sound and music +Diverse classes and character roles+Wide range of skills on characters+Core combat mechanics are smoothCons:-Bugged quests -Very linear gameplay and tunneled storyline. -Some basic ease of life features are poor, lacking or non-existant(eg- all NPC vendors are in two cities only)-Advertised as 'openworld' but not, with many average sized maps joined together-Keybind and mouse controls are strange-Laggy and overloaded servers (long wait times for mob spawns and when talking to NPC's)-All trading and commercial transactions are capped unless paid for-Alot of functions are currently broken. Entering dungeons disconnects your client-Gold seller spam stutters and lags your game client-Server crashes every few hours-Difficulty of the game is very easy but it is a MMO grinder-Lack of updates and communication from developer
