I've been playing this game since it's release in December of 2014, so I've got quite a bit of time on it. Right off the bat I'll say that this game isn't for everyone. If you're expecting all out action all the time then prepare to be disappointed, as there is A LOT of simple and sometimes unexciting travelling. This game has many roles that can be played out by the player whether it be a bounty hunter, trader or a pirate. The game's learning curve is also fairly steep and you won't find yourself travelling the entire galaxy or completing every bounty within the first few hours if not days.All in all, it's a great, polished game with depth to its combat, customization, and economy systems. If you love space simulators or just space in general and you've got the patience needed to get around the massive world that E:D offers then this game is just right for you. But this game also has its fair share of issues. The quests become repetitive, dull, and boring. You'll find yourself doing the exact same thing over and over with the only change being the location and names of quest givers. Don't be put off if you find it difficult the first few hours as this game isn't very casual friendly but soon enough you'll know exactly what you're doing and start your journey in no time. This is space exploration at its finest.Note: a joystick is recommended for this game but not necessary.Pros- Massive world- In-depth combat, customization and trading system- Great Visuals- Various roles to choose fromCons- Steep learning curve- Repetitive quests9.5/10
A beautifully hand crafted game with a massive world and a massive story line that always keeps you interested and wanting more. The game's vast open world with quests and collectibles never feels dull or dead, along with an incredibly beautiful terrain rich with color and life, filled with scattered villages, bandit camps, caves, and powerful creatures. The game has many side quests, most of which will shape the world and the main story line depending on the choices that the player makes. The level of detail that is put into mere side quests is astonishing, with some taking the same amount of time as it would take to complete the main story line of a small-medium sized game. You'll find yourself wandering the world, completing quests yet you'll find that you've barely scraped the surface of the story that The Witcher 3 presents. The gameplay is polished and well-balanced, with fluid and exciting combat and an on-depth crafting and alchemy system.CD Projekt Red have excelled with The Witcher 3, creating the most incredible world I've experienced and a story that will get you hooked from the very beginning, along with incredible gameplay. The Witcher 3 sets a new, and incredibly high standard for both video games, and the RPG genre. This game could very well be the GOTY for 2015.Pros- Incredible visuals- Incredible and massive world- Engrossing story- Well-balanced and enjoyable combat- In-depth crafting systemsCons-None!10/10
Note: While I only have ~29 hours on the PC version, I-'ve put in over 100 hours on a different platform. The long awaited and the missing piece of the Metal Gear Solid series is finally here, and it-'s a masterpiece. Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain, tells the story of Big Boss-'s descent into villainy and what makes him the character that we know from Metal Gear 1 and 2. Running on the Fox Engine, the game-'s visuals are great, and the gameplay and optimization are top notch, and from what I-'ve played so far on the PC version, the game runs very well. The game is running on almost a constant 60fps (except during some heavy action moments) with my settings completely maxed out. Although one of my gripes with the PC version is when using the keyboard and mouse I-'ve found that the iDroid can be frustrating to use as there is no mouse control in the menus. Other than that, the PC version of the game is near perfect. The gameplay aspect of the game is much better in almost every way compared to other games in the series and has now become open-world. The gameplay is very similar to Peace Walker, with a loadout menu allowing you to change your gear before every mission. The gun-play and controls are an improvement over past games too, with the weapon and item selection chosen using a wheel display, and sub-sections. But within all these new additions to the game, you-'ll find the classic Metal Gear gameplay that you-'re used to, from the CQC-interrogations, to using a cardboard box to sneak past enemies and aiming for -'S-' ranking missions. The game introduces -buddies-, buddies can assist you during operations in the field: D-Horse gives you a faster means of travel, D-Dog can be used you distract enemies, scout enemies, plants or animals, and even kill. There-'s also Quiet, a story-based character that is completely optional, and can assist  in missions as a sniper, to either kill or tranquilize enemies from afar. And finally, there-'s D-Walker; D-Walker can do almost everything that the player can do on foot. You can fire a weapon, sneak around enemies, or even CQC them, and it can also be used a means of travel if you prefer it over using D-Horse. Another -new- addition to The Phantom Pain is Mother Base. Mother Base is the home of Diamond Dogs, and just like in Peace Walker, it can be used to develop weapons and items for the player to use in-game. But unlike in Peace Walker, in The Phantom Pain the player can walk around Mother Base and interact with their soldiers that they recruit on the battlefield.From the eighty hours that I-'ve played, there are no issues in the gameplay that stand out and overall, it-'s the best of the series.But of course, Metal Gear games aren-'t all about the gameplay, the captivating yet sometimes confusing story also plays a huge role in the appeal of the games. The Phantom Pain tells the story of Big Boss-'s descent into villainy and is the missing piece of the gap between Peace Walker and Metal Gear. But the way the game tells the story is what-'s important, and is an issue in this case. The long cutscenes that can last for several minutes that fans of the series have come to know and love are missing this time around, instead, replaced with cassette tapes that fill the player in on the details of a situation or event that has occured in the story/cutscene. This can leave the players wanting more, as the cinematography in the series is known to be exceptional, but instead they are left to listen to dozens of tapes. While this doesn-'t necessarily affect the overall story, it does affect the flow of the plot, in my opinion. New-comers to the series don-'t need to be worried about not understanding what-'s going on too, as the events leading up to The Phantom Pain are explained in the tapes. Another issue with the story is that it can leave the players dissatified in the end, but that-'s something I won-'t go into as it will contain spoilers. But overall, Hideo Kojima has outdone himself yet again, and has created yet another masterpiece of a game. If this really is his last Metal Gear game then he has ended the series with a bang, and one that any player whether they are a veteran of the series or a new-comer, can enjoy.Pros:-A Hideo Kojima Game-Incredible gameplay-Great visuals-Well optimized-Immense level of detailCons:-Story/Ending may be unsatisfactory to some10/10
