Whilst buggy, this game is seriously underated. Most of the hate comes from the large amount of game breaking bugs, which were not removed quickly enough, though at this stage I managed to complete the game only having to restart twice, both of which were not during the story, and I only need to -restart from last checkpoint-, and not the entire game. [SPOILER ALERT]  The other reason that this game is so hated is because the marketing hinted at a plot that wasn-'t based around the Joker, and included some smaller members of the rogue gallery as the main characters. Now whilst its not true that some less famous villians are included in this game, its just that the Joker is actually the main villian, along with Bane.  Apart from that, the -'lack of innovation-' in this game is the another reason that this game is hated. Whilst in comparison to the other two Arkham Games, that is true, this game has one huge area of innovation: The Multiplayer. Unfourtunately, this was not the audience wanted, so it was largely disregarded. But in fact, the multiplayer is quite fun, and at the time of writing has an active multiplayer community. This is really what I would have wanted from an Arkham multiplayer mode. Stealth against real people. Whilst I will admit playing Batman or Robin is alot more fun than the thugs, there is an equaliser. The fact that at one point in the game, one player will be able to play as the Joker or Bane. This actually can be really challenging for Batman or Robin, especially if the player of the Joker or Bane is good at the game. Of course there is one bug that *still* hasn-'t been fixed is multiplayer data being wiped. Though by launching the game from singleplayer mode this will prevent this bug, no matter what (from my experience). Some may also have to launch singleplayer again one they are finished, but I haven-'t experienced this. Now my favourite bit from this game is the Story. Now, obviously some will be dissapointed (see the spoiler) by the plot, but I still think that the story was gold. It was really the first Arkham Game to try to show the flaws in Batman-'s actions, as he seriously hurts people to stop them hurting others. Some of the corrupt police or common thugs are in desperate positions, and don-'t have much hope elsewhere, yet Batman will still knock them out cold. Still angered by his parent-'s death, Batman is demanding, somewhat ungrateful and unable to listen an opinion other than his own, I cringed with every conversation Batman and Alfred had, until the *incident*. Not a single thank you, shouting because Alfred opposed his views, Alfred-'s relationship with Batman is one of the most heart-breaking of all. The ending was uplifting, and somewhat smart. One pointer is how ubsurd it is how much happens in one night. I-'d rate it 7/10, based on the fact Arkham Assylum is a 10/10 for me.
My friend had akimbo pistols as his primary and a pistol as his secondary. I had an assault rifle as my primary and a pistol as my secondary. Guess who had the higher concealment? 10/10 Would hide assault rifle again
