 Alright, time for a Review update. This game, which was as overhyped as Watchdogs, is still sitting in the Early Access Alpha stage. WHAT THE FUC K HAPPENED TO THE DEVELOPMENT SPEED OF ARMA 3!? All the talk about -Buying more studios and hiring more employees for these studios- is and will always be utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ t.Never touch this game,   EVER. [/b] Want something thats free and more better-developed than this hulk of garbage?Try the BF2 Project Reality mod. Thats far more better developed and full of more content than this -Game- ever will have.Talk of Little Birds? HORSESHI T.Talk of new Vehicles? Who-'s going to be around when thats ever done?Talk of Beta by Christmas 2015? Who-'s going to bother checking in on this laggy, unoptimised crap?Please, for the love of whatever made us, don-'t spend $45 on this title, you could instead spend that on that takeaway joint down the road and feed yourself for a week straight. Or gym membership, considering how stupidly far we have to run to somewhere that has-'nt been looted. We could be all marathon runners by the time this game gets into Beta.And for the love of Shi t, Don-'t give us that Soontm for every Status Report you release, nobody is buying that anymore.All-In-All:  I-'ve seen games developed by highschool dropouts make better games than these -Professional Developers- ever will. it-'s pretty much their wet dream each night.-21/10 IGN.
Rest In Peace PAYDAY 2. You may have had a butt-ton of DLC, but you were still fun nonetheless.But the 4th Birthday Celebration turned this game to a steaming pile of Bulldozer Sh*t.In Reality, would you be able to carry an M60 like it was an AMCAR rifle? HELL NO.-Weapon Rebalancing- = -We decided to mess around with the guns and Nerf them (Literally, turn them to NERF guns!- And one more thing, you now have to deal with a CSGO and TF2-like system of unboxing and recieving crates to get some of the old stats on your guns back! Have fun! Cheerio!- - OVERKILLALL of my shotguns (Even DLC) had been reduced to mere pellet-guns.MY.FUC*ING.MEATCOMBUSTING.SPLATTERCANNONS.Frag Shells? USELESS!Tripple-0 Bucks? -'TIS BUT A SCRATCH!Sluggies? -TRY AGAIN PLS LOL- <-- ShieldYet another game in my library to be permanently uninstalled.Goodluck OVERKILL with The Walking Dead. Gonna be fun watching you P2W THAT too!Nerfguns/10 - Jesus Dibble
THIS GAME.IS probably one of the best Early Access games you can get on all of Steam right now.Beautifully optimized, looks great with Unity5, worth the $20 McDee-'s Family Meal.Heres one such fun experience I had which had me and my mate laughing for half an hour straight... !!PRO-'S & CONS AT THE -'-=-=-=-=--' LINE!! We were getting constantly raided on a (Modded, aint nobody got time fo-' that Vanilla stuff) server, we made a large town with the Admins of the server and named it -Gastown-. It was probably the best settlement I ever built by far, fair distance away from the beach, slap dab in the middle of the desert landscape (There are three in total: Snow/Ice which wards off freshies and great for nighttime stalkin-' [Stalkers gonna Stalk], Forest/Grasslands/Highlands for all the first-timers who enjoy being in the presence of Mutha Nature, and theres the Desert, desolate wasteland, lots of quarry and pumpjack locations, perfect for the marauders of the server.) and we had it all armoured (Tier 5 - Max Protection) up since we had more High Quality Metal than we knew what to do with, We slowly invited people into our settlement of Pumpjacks and Mining Quarries, we slowly began to become the biggest -Band- on the server.Long Story Short we got raided by DDOSing hackers that kicked off everyone on the server, including admins, and fly-hacked into our well-fortified complex, then ending the kick-wave and letting us spawn back into our bases to find that they were all C4-'d. Thats one of the many struggles of Rust; Dem Hackers, EAC seemingly does JackSh*t against these hackers (VAC just likes to create problems on all other games that don-'t use Source) , but this is Rust. Those who played the ORIGINAL Alpha would have known that hackers were RAMPANT in that, thus one location on the old map dubbed -Hacker Valley-, mainly because only hackers were able to get there in the first place. Like seriously, who DIDN-'T hack back then?Jokes aside we were kinda fed up about the whole ordeal, so we took it upon ourselves and decided to go mess around with Ladders and Power Pylons (The BIG ones). We ended up trying to Spodermin up and trying to stand on it, which we so HILARIOUSLY failed hardcore, but then we discovered we could put SIGNS up on the Pylons, making a platform. What was even better was that we could place  FURNACES N-' CHESTS N-' SH*T  up on these sign-platforms. We pretty much had the most ♥♥♥♥♥ist base on the Server, hell, even the OWNER decided to come base up with us.We always had plenty of freshspawns (Nudemans) to harvest for food since they always tried to come up and raid us with rocks and spears, yet we still held our ground with just crossbows and Beancan Gurrnades. Best moment of Rust so far.-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-Storytime Aside, lets see the pros and cons of Rust: PROS:+ Well Built Engine.+ Uses Unity5, Uses It Well Too.+ Plenty Of Different Experiences Each Server. You never will know what may happen on the next server you join.+ Lotsa-' Gunz! Rust has plenty of guns to fit everybody-'s playstyle. Like going as the Sniopah? Get a Bolty. Like it up-close-and-personal? Grab a Shotgun or Custom SMG. Pathfinder? Grab a Thompson/R250 (Rusted-P250) and slap on a suppressor. Light-Packer? Grab the R250 and knock in some Incendiary or Explosive ammo, you won-'t regret it. Wabbit Sesun-Hunter? Grab a Shotgun and load some Slugs. You-'ll have plenty of Newman carcasses to feed you for a while!As you see, these are just some of my Preset kits, but ofcourse you can go ahead and go full Pirate with the AK, dress in Red, and go raiding. Make some of your own combinations.+ Weekly Devblogs on what-'s going on, FacePunch does an excellent job of keeping the Community up-to-date on what they-'re doing every Friday of each week, and we can-'t forget their  Trello [trello.com] page where they post their conecepts on where to go for Rust, and it-'s great to say that the concept art they do is quite nice-looking too, especially the Trainyard Radtown concept (Lookin foward to it guys :]).+ Every Second-Week Updates, they do an amazing job of keeping to their update schedule unlike most other EA Devs.+ FUN! Theres alot of fun to be had in this game, like me and my mate how we discovered the Spodermin Pylons. All by Happy Mistakes!Now comes the Cons:- Hackers, OFC this was going to be one issue, but EAC and VAC are seemingly unable to deal with the hackers that run rampant on some servers. Theres always going to be someone who is able to crack the security. There is always a way in.- Admin Abuse, another big issue I forgot to mention, theres SOME servers that have 16y/o teens who think they can tell people what to do on the server and kick whoever they want just because their Iceberg base got raided (You will actually be suprised at the lengths people go to ♥♥♥♥ off an Admin, It is VERY Entertaining. :P).- SOMETIMES Game-Ruining Updates, I have ONLY encountered ONE of these bugs during a server restart, where the world would not save and WIPE the map of all bases. But this has been since resolved a few months ago.  Would I Recommend This Post-Apoccalyptic Manhunt With Explosives? [/i]   FU*K YES I WOULD! 10/10 IGN! 8/8 WHILE I FINGER MY PROSTATE!
BEST 5 BUCKS I HAVE SPENT, THIS GAME HAS PLENTY OF GAMEMODES TO KEEP YOU OCCUPIED!
This game had already made me so paranoid of everything I do in game and real life.V.20 Update - Stepped in a shallow pond, got heart attack from 'Dile munching on my foot.Ponds and Water 2Spooky4Me.10/10 Would Be Terrified Of Ponds Again.
Fix the crash-to-desktop when after join a server and get to 'Message of The Day' screen, then I'll get a positive review out.The main crashing bugs in this game honestly should have been fixed far before most of TWI employees left, or even after the game got released back in 2011.Game is amazing, think of it as Battlefield with a diabetic serving of Insurgency. Realism at it's finest. Nowhere near Project Reality though.But the CTD bugs are holding the game back since last content patch, which was about 25 Oct 2015. We're already halfway through 2016 and there has not been a patch, hotfix or anything like that since. Don't expect the devs to keep updating anymore.You have been warned.
  If Battlefield and Arma had yet another child, but Arma decided to cheat on Battlefield with COD, got divorced and now lives with COD and his microtransactions in his smelly shack in the swamp, this is that game.  
This is a pretty realistic representation of how if Geneva and fall damage never existed.Have Fun.Oh, and there's mods too, if you're into adding more explosions and hardbass to your game.
