O.K ive nearly played 800hrs of this sh*t game, dont get it...but when you win its its great :D if you dont mind the stress and heart problems this game comes bundled with and that it destroys friendships by all means download DOTA 2, that being said the stratergy and teamwork you need to preform flawless kills and team ganks on the enemy team is not easy but when done correctly and played as a team this game is truly a gem you will never find a game like this that gives you the satisfaction that the choices you make can change the game in a matter of seconds.P.S- The game does have a tutorial to get you going but If your new to the MOBA scene take the time to learn, watch guides becuase this game has quite a steep learning curve and quite a big selection of items to buy (it can be overwhelming to the new player), i recommend playing a few bot games before jumping into a match against other players.
The only time you get more then 60fps is when you uninstall. Great potential but sadly killed by lack of optimization at this point. Would recommend to people with very HIGH end PC's, from what i felt running around for a short time, world feels alive and full but even if you have a decent rig odds are you wont get more the 20+ frames.
Installed and linked with Uplay, clothing pack no where to be found in game not even at rewards vender or character tab, this is borderline theft and DLC is non refundable. WHAT A F*CKING JOKE!!!!!
This game is by far the most stunning looking survival game on the market, no other survival game has hit the target in terms of atmosphere and detail like Miscreated has. The game and its developers dont deserve the amount of negative reviews it has gotten (real shame!). With base building implemented and there free form placement allows players to build any shape and size base they want. Yes the game isent perfect, there are a few minor issues that im sure are getting worked on (nothing game breaking) but for how its being developed its way ahead of some of the competition. Give it a try.........after all if you dont like it you can steam refund!
