This is a really good game so far. Beautiful music, atmosphere and wacky hostile creatures trying to eat your face. The satisfaction to come across a prison with hostile occupants is exciting when you want to explore the place and gather loot. Inspecting things can also be rather amusing particularly if you are a Floran.Mining isn’t really my thing and I ain’t a fantastic builder. I’m a massive hoarder however; there is so much to see, look and take with you on your journeys. Found myself carrying half a dozen tents and flame barrels with me to keep myself alive and anyone who joined me. Took me a while to discover a few features in the game but it is hard to forget them now; such as building an anvil to do much more with your ore. Finding ore can be such a chore sometimes but it has left me hopping on planet after planet to find what I need. Combat is meh, but it isn’t what I really wanted from this game. It’s everything else that matters to me.  Finding weapons that are semi decent is a struggle. It actually puts me off exploring places or even bothering to fight. Because only finding crappy melee weapons that do bugger all damage that wouldn’t push a fat kid off a big wheel really encourages me to fight monsters several levels higher than me. If they allowed (decent) weapons to be found more commonly that would be great. Even a crappy pistol would be acceptable compared to the crappy spears, hammers and swords that I constantly find. I love the temperature feature and hunting in this game. Never played Terraria or Minecraft, only witnessed those games played around me and probably never play them. Because I know I would only be disappointed. True that Starbound is currently in BETA and has things to fix like XP Support and balancing stuff; it is an amazing game despite its weaknesses. It’s pretty darn good for being a BETA.My only real complaint is that since this game has come out none of my close friends want to play anything else but this game.
I can't believe I didn't make a review of this game.Now, for all those fallout fans this may come of a shock or not but, I never really played Fallout 3. Compatibility issues and lack of patience prevents me from playing that game, ever. Someday I will so I can see why everyone loves it so much but for now New Vegas is the only Fallout that I've played.This game is truly amazing. First time I played this I wasn't really serious. I bought a ♥♥♥♥ load of ammo and always had too much. Now that I play strictly hardcore I am very conscious of what I own and I LOVE that! The fact I have to sleep, eat and drink is tedious but necessary. I mean, I feel like I am in the game sometimes because of that. Storyline wise I thought it was ok. Clearly the game encourages you to do side missions and DLC more than anything, which I am very happy to do. Finding the best guns is also grand. So far the Medicine Stick is my favourite due to the awesome ammo it uses and the actual strength of the weapon. I mean the Tesla Cannon, Minigun, Gatling Laser minigun and even the Bozar are damn good weapons. But I just love the accuracy and strength one shot weapons that has quick reload.  Even the melee weapons are fun. Power Fists (or Pushy the awesomely named weapon that I found) are so much fun. Thermic lance is also bloody grand.I am generally the good guy in most games; Fallout encourages me to be both evil and good. Good that I help people and get friendships and cool weaponry and caps. Evil that I steal a lot of stuff, pretty much all the valuables that I see; like Skyrim you can just grab it, drag it around the corner and then store it. I have made a game where I am goody, goody two-shoes and a game where I am the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ from hell. But really, being both is much more fun and interesting which is what I think the developers wanted people to be like.The radio music in the game is decent but it can get very old really quickly. Perhaps the most important skill to get in the game is speech.  Speech is the useful in getting experience and getting ♥♥♥♥ done in conversations with difficult people. Someone won’t back down and leave peacefully, use speech to convince them or tear them apart. I generally prefer the speech because killing isn’t very satisfying unless they are a challenge.Get the game guys; it is fun and challenging at times. Watch out for Deathclaws!
When small games that are fun every time you do the same level again you get something like Hotline Miami.Hotline Miami storyline is somewhat interesting, but for most it all you know is that you are being called to kill mobsters in various of gruesome ways. This game how takes some time getting use to and gaining a certain level of BALLS. AI are predictable so they are both technically smart and stupid. Hit them with baseball bats, slam a door in their face, punch them on the ground, grab a shotgun and let all hell loose. Your choice.The music of this game is amazing, my favourite is Perturbator and it first appears in a disco! While this game isn't long in levels it will only be as long as how you take to do every level. I finished it in a few hours but after all that I wanted to do it again. This game makes me want to replay it a lot more as well.I recommend this game and I would give it a 9.5/10. Cheap game, fantastic fun. Seriously.
I will always prefer the first L4D over the second one. Why? No stupid melee weapons, no stupid extra special zombies and plus. It has lost a lot of seriousness that the first game had. People love Louis, Francis, Zoey and Bill. No one likes Rochelle (I also don't like Coach). If I were to play the second game, I would only play as Nick,But to this game though, it means a lot to me. I feel heart broken when one of the 4 people die. I love them very much because they are so likeable. So when I kill one of them as an Infected, it shouldn't be the case but I get depressed. The environment in the episodes/maps is especially great. No ♥♥♥♥ing circus or Redneck swamp in sight because the first game is screaming ‘YOU ARE IN A SCARY, EERIE ENVIROMENT THAT IS REALLY DANGEROUS’ rather than ‘Oh look, you will fight clowns now or mudmen now.’Get the first, buy the second if need be but the first one is the best.
What can I say about this expansion pack? To have my own religion is amazingly good. The new Civilizations added into the game is just..... YES I WANT THAT sort of thing. What I hate are spies, but that is because I always have the most technology so it sucks for me.The Great people you get, are slightly different. Only Artists give you Golden Age which is good and they also lost their culture bomb (thank God). This is the sort of game I can keep on playing and fall in love with. A fantastic Expansion pack.Oh and the music is fricken amazing. Title theme, leaders theme. Just.... get the damn game guys.
