https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=we1abilRUEoHitman is keeping truer to its roots than the previous installasion, Absolution.This isnt a classic experience, like Blood Money was but it sure as hell is fun.There is only one level released per month which to many consumers is a disappointment, to myself even, but this presents a reason fo rme to revisit this game with a refreshing appeal when I am inbetween genres of the backlogs in my current library. Once a month to spend a good week or two fleshing out all the remaining variables and possibilities in a new episode is a gimmick that works for me. I wont play this game out through and through before returning to another game like Arma or Rainbow Six Siege with friends and forgetting about this gem.There is contoller support if that suits your fancy but keyboard and mouse gets the job done. Theres been many a bug but overall as an experience it's been a pleasant one.Would I recommend this to new players to teh hitman franchise, NO.I would however recommend it to returning players who want to see IO Interactive compensate for their previous installation, Absolution.For Hitman vets, one stage or all regardless, this is a must have game that emulates the classic hitman experience as best it can.
So my dear nemesis, Parachut bought this for me.I must say, as someone who mostly plays ARMA, Rainbow 6 and Dota I was sceptical about how much I would enjoy this.I have always seen videos of youtubers screaming like little girls and thought it was just overacting.Turns out these games are potentially, terrifying. But that I mean, without the Music turned up full blast, you notice how bland and darkly contrasted the game itself is, but that's not the point, right?The game is actually scary. I played through this not wearing pants and by the time I was done I was wishing that I had some pants to put on to crap in so I had a reason to not be wearing pants. I lasted no longer than 20 minutes, of which about 12 was gameplay. I decided to uninstall it on the basis that my neighbours might file a noise complaint due to my girlish squeals. Not a very manly look for a manly man like myself.I'd recommend this game as a gift for people you wish pain and suffering on. Unless you are someone who seeks out jumpscare games I wouldnt recommend it. It's not much in the department of an environmental-horror game like that of games like Resident Evil or the Alien horror game as this seems to rely more on reactive frights as opposed to engaging the player with deep story elements allow the player to creat their own nightmare out of the fear they have created themself.I cant really judge it though, I didnt really las tmore than 10 minutes.
Don't know enough about this yet to make a decision?Its a top down styled rts which has features a akin to that of games like Commandos 3. Variable camera angles and the ability to take command of your soldier individually or a vehicles and correct its aim for better accuracy in exchange for a loss of perspective on the larger scale battle. This is where Command and Conquer meets Commandos with a squirt of Company of Heroes. If you like games like ARMA 3 and Company of Heros this is the hybrid for you. It literally feels like you were to put Commandos' character contol into the engine of Company of Heroes within the evironment of the Arma 3 RHS mod. Some of the more intimate character commands are a but tricky and less responsive than to be desired but for it's current state ad an easrly access feature it has enough controlability and content, not to mention the already growing Workshot Content, to warrant several hours worth of addictive gameplay per session. As someone completely new to the franchise, this is a refreshing game with a unique mili-sim / sector control / conquest / survival cornerstone to its foundation. Worth the money to pay for it in its current state. As mentioned there are bugs and some frustrating mechanics for individual unit functions but we can only hope they will be smoothened out. == pro's & cons ==My biggest con about the game  is that this may not be for friends who live far apart to play together. When I was uploading to my youtube channel whilst playing this my entire lobby suffered lag that would cause the game to stop momentarily, quite often, when my ping surpassed 350ms. When not uploading and having enough free bandwidth to keep my ping below 80ms there were no issues. I havent tested any further ranges of ping between.My biggest pro woul dbe that to play this with your friends is one of the most interesting and engaging games to participate in as a team. Roles can be given or you can just play it your own way. Theres are so many playstyle possibilites for this. You can choose to just control a small group of specialists and leave the rest of the companies within your force to be managed by your team mates or you can choose to have a little bit of everything. Do you prefer to play the sniper elite or the vehicle company or do you want to play them all?I reccommend this game, for its target audience; which would be people who want a milisim / rts  or as close as they can get to it.
So far so good. I didnt find any bugs. Not to say that they dont exist but there is seemingly only little content in the game itself at this stage; enough content to keep you entertained and to grind away learning what you can and cannot do but not enough content to really notice something not doing what you would expect it to.I didnt manage to craft a shelter like in the video, which is something I am keen to discover. The idea behind th egame has so much potential, with a multiplayer/coop addon I would really reap the most out of a game like this, trying to survive with a friend. There is currently no non-environmental enemies, and I dont see a reason that there should be any.Hours could easily be lost disovering new things with future updates. This is a good submission from a team of 2 local developers. I would endorse this game being worth its price in its current state, although not for everyone. People who liked the arma 2/3 epoch mods for its exploration and building will enjoy something like this. __Found my way to the closest island. Very lucky I didnt press the wrong key while paddling and throw it away.Made a campfire, cooked a crab. Found some duck tape, coulndt find a use. Drank some coconut ♥♥♥♥ and made a stone axe.Paddled to the next nearest island. Found a shipwreck on the way. Found items in the shipwreck but my inventory was full. I got greedy and I drowned. This wouldnt have ever happened if I wasnt drinking flaming martini's with the pilot.___
This game is an incredible time killer. Suitable for a casual flick through when you are waiting for a buddy to finish a lobby or waiting for a friend to come online. Beware, thinknig of settling for a few minutes of casual playing can soon become an hour or two spent trying to better your reaction and eye for detail.If you suffer from OCD you will thouroughly enjoy this little gem.
Im glad I got a refund on this product.Unfortunatley, I cant see f2p games being viable vs a full price product. Supporting games in early development is great for the developers but doesnt reap as many rewards for the players. I went throught a period supporting the Warz/infestation development in early access to end up with the game in its current state, which is not much different from how its launched which was identical to the launch issues and complaints felt with this game itself.It's a bad feeling to see that something you purchased is far from what was advertised, and an even worse feeling to have the early access de ja vu about so many similar products in the same genre. I would have gladly paid a suitable price for a full game licence as oppposed to a f2p/p2w model. I cant see how anyone can enjoy a game where the playing field is not level from day one.Pre-determined DLC itself causes imbalance to the playing field but in a f2p game on an early access development plan with micro-transactions in the early access stage just begs a citation for ridiculousness.I am keen to see how this development plans out but for the time being, it seems dire. All arguments aside on which game in this genre is going to be the best, I think people should vote with their wallets and the best way to do that is to wait until a game comes to its fruition before throwing countless hours and dollars at it.Dayz is still underdeveloped for the time its been in early access on the market. WarZ/infestation is a hacker-filled pay2win mess. H1Z1... people who bought into this can only hope and wish and create forum threads and posts in attemps to get the game the way they want it, which is exactly what I had done countless times with the above-mentioned games. The game is going to be what the devs see fit, so long as it is as close to what they invision within the constraints of the producers who need to see this product as viably profitable. What the players say they want will still have the smallest impact at the end of the day. Just keep that in mind, early access is for the developers and producers to see what works to increase sales and gain more followers. Once the game is released they would have expected to have already milked the micro-transaction cashcow for most of what its worth.These f2p models are never as enjoyable as a whole when compared to full release / full licence games.If none of that strikes a nerve with you or your wallet, then this game may indeed be for you.
