I was hunting a deer with a rock, as you do, when I heard a voice.“We’re not going to kill you.”A shot cracked past my head and the deer slumped to the ground. I turned around to see two guys wearing kevlar and toting M4 rifles. Having recently spawned, my offensive options were a stone and some green trousers.“Take the deer. It’s yours.”I scurried over to the corpse like Gollum and began hacking it to pieces with my rock. So delighted, in fact, that I didn’t hear the footsteps as one of the pair walked up, took aim, and killed me with a headshot. I heard the laughs though. I clicked respawn, and started over. Welcome to Rust.
The first sign that Star Wars: The Force Unleashed is a mediocre port comes as soon as you boot up the game: you can’t navigate the menus with a mouse. On its own, this isn't an awful fact, but it's an omen of bad things to come. Aside from resolution and brightness options, there are no visual options to tweak. There is no antialiasing and no way to enable it. And frame rate troubles will haunt your every saber swing. It's too bad that so little respect was shown for the platform--and to those that will spend money on this product--because the underlying game is rather good. As Darth Vader's secret apprentice, you slice through grunting Rodians with your glowing lightsaber, go head-to-head with slobbering rancors, and punt jawas into the distance as if they were pigskins. You might be lucky enough to avoid this troubled port's technical flaws and experience the full pleasures of The Force Unleashed, but be warned: Picking up a copy of this physics-heavy action game is one gamble that may not pay off.
Actually the best game ever
My response trying to get this one blueprint -god-'s do you hate me or something-
kk
Zombie moose stronger then any zombie or monster 10/10
Ridiculously fun game. Spells are powerful, but defenses are equally powerful so it's always a matter of out-thinking and out-playing your opponent. The best part is the decision to exclude a mana system so there's not really any micro management going on. The developers really listen to the community and are very public with what they are working on and going to work on.
