This new look for Yennefer suits her personality and looks greatly, she looks stunning and while it can get a little distracting, it is very suitable.+ Good look for Yennefer+ Free
This little subplot is an excellent story of a great betrayal and deception, it shows a swing in character development and is a showcase for the brutal storytelling in the world of The Witcher, this shows how far CDPR goes to make fans appreciate the good work they put out and how loyal they are, they give out free dlc and make it so rewarding, definatly try this one out!
A perfect game, the story of Geralt the Riv concluded. The game is masterfully presented, the devs have been updating this game with new content like the free-LC they provided after launch gave us new contracts and eye candy and those important gwent cards. They have also been updating the performance and fixing little annoyances, like those annoying torches over treasure chests. I had defaulted to medium-low on launch day, I am now running on ultra/high at a solid 40-50 frames. The story is a long epic, with little diversions and side quests that feel like they should have their own whole game chapters. The side quests have memorable dialogues and twists and turns that give you multiple different endings and scences, begging to get you to play this game again and see what each one has to offer. Some of the quests involving curses get me so indecisive, becuase ghosts always trick me and I end up someone dying or something happening and I just lose myself and get really sad.Each section of the main story touches on a moral choice, like family ties, racial differences, domestic abuse, sexual preferences, you name it. The grey perspective of no right or wrong really gets you to think about what would be the best choice in a world full of evil monsters, and even if you make the choice which you think no one gets hurt, sooner or later you will find a repercussion or three of what you decided to do in your situation.Exploring around the games distinct envrionments is really something wonderful. The swamps of Velen are just fetid mud and composting corpses and monsters ready to drag you to their hellhole homes. Novigrad is a contrast to this, green rolling fields and tall swaying trees, pictuesque and lush. The cold hard islands of Ard Skellig are beautiful, but they house many fierce denizens and the people are just as harsh. The view from Kaer Trolde is possibly the most beautiful scene ever made onto a computer sceen.Playing around with combat can feel a little clunky on a keyboard, horse combat takes a while to get used to. When you go on an expedition to a high spot and hit the wrong button and make Geralt jump off a cliff is rather bothersome. But all these movement skills come with time, and are easy to get adjusted too.Roleplaying as a witcher on a monster contract when you read up the beastiary and prepare potions, bombs and oils makes this just a wonderful experience.When you reach end game content and the specialised Witcher gear the powerful bonuses they give each talent tree are huge, which makes many other armor's obselete, but this doesn't mean much if you think the armor looks cool, like the Ursine set, but c'mon devs, griffen armor is just 'the dad bod' of armors... That aside the armors are extremely powerful and make other armor you find relatively useless, sidetracking you to find the nearest shopkeeper to battle him at gwent and then make him lose his money as you thrash him and then sell him your unwanted gear. The difficulty scale is very noticable when you are lower level, as your gear comes with less augmentations and you possess less skills and equipment, but higher tiered combat is more forgiving, excpet some of those pesky bosses!The visual downgrade from E3 2014, while noticable, does not subtract from this game looking beautiful, check out my sceenshots to see how good they are! There are some mods upgrading the visuals, I am yet to try them out,  but personally they don't look to do much.Every inch of this game is perfect, going home to Kaer Morhen is beautiful, seeing little clues left around from previous games is heartwarming, the devs rememeber their games and make them flow so well. When you arrive at White Orchard, see the devastation left behind in the war between Nilfgaard and the North, it really shows you how destructive it can be. The little township had changed hands, fights between natives and newcomers are all about to boil over and there is barely anything that can prevent this, the Nilfgaardians swagger around and then they get disrespected at the tavern, then they beat up the locals, it is really a spectacle to watch. Nothing about this game made me want to stop playing, but my choices made me weep during the ending, seeing old and new friends die...The perfect ending to a perfect series, this game is a must play for honestly everyone, it is probably the best game I have ever played.DLC hype is building
While I haven't finished this game yet, I couldn't help myself to write some thoughts about this game down, first of all, this game is optimised so well that is more stress on your pc to idle the games main menu than when the game is loaded, so that is cool. Also with my experiences with other post apocalyptic games, I have noticed three main types, there is the American wasteland, aka Fallout, where mutated beasts and creatures roam, and humans don power armour to survive, there is the Russian Metro, where even more mutuated beasts and even next level human evolution is taking place, then there is Australia, the Land Down Under. In Australia's wasteland, mutated beasts are not the focus, no. Cars, Oil and Guzzolene are the focus. Everyone becomes are souped up, heavy metal enthusiast rev-head. The need to travel extremely fast in a poorly constucted metal death machine that belches black oily smoke and sets fire the dusty ground beneath it's spiked wheels is everyone's dream. So far it is good, and continuously gets better. Do pick it up and become a rev-head who eats dogfood and drinks water collected in a plastic bag!
This game is drop dead amazing.This game starts out really slow, it took me 3 different starts to end up enjoying it, but when I did it engulfed me and I got drawn into the the world of The Witcher, a badass monster slayer who gets all the ladies. The story is so well written it rivals Game of Thrones. But that aside, this game has an amazing soundtrack, the graphics arn't too bad (made with BioWare Aurora), the cutscenes are sometimes amazing with awesome sword fights and bad when the characters 'slide' over the ground and the combat is unique in that it is nearly all a quick-timed event and the depth of adding potions and BOMBS make it really special. Apart from a few graphics hiccups and a couple of random crashes, this game is a must for any man who calls himself a gamer! I give it 95/100!In comparison to Witcher 2 this game is storywise better, but only to due to the amazing ending this game delivers, it is arguable that the combat in this is better because potions can be consumed during fights, whereas Witcher 2 only allows potions out of combat. The soundtrack in Witcher 1 fits the dark fantasy world a little better than Witcher 2's lighter atmosphere it creates. This aside I would reccomend Witcher 1 and 2 to everyone.*on a second playthrough I would reccomend using the mod titled 'The Rise of the White Wolf' . This mod makes the game graphically stunning and updates the UI and HUD to look like its successor, Witcher 2.
Much shoot 'em upSuch loot gatheringMany gunsWowFirst of all this game is amazing, the visuals are great and I love the cel shaders (cartoon black lines). All the play time I've put into this game has been mostly single player. (shameful). But the few multiplayer games I played were much more fun. The dlc's this game has are awesome.. they add  an insane amount of playtime and way more guns. I enjoyed all of them, but the least enjoyable was the Pirates Booty dlc. It was very dissapointing with just reskinned bandits. The Torgue DLC was one of my favourites, due to me loving bikes and sick as guitar riffs. It is sort of weak with the reskinned bandits again, but it was still really enjoyable. The Hammerlock DLC was very different and very good. The new enemies and different archetypes really get you to think of how you tackle different groups. the final dlc, Tiny Tina's Assault was unreal. There was nothing reused with everything having an upgrade to suit to the Medieval world of Bunkers and BadassesTo summarise, this game is possible my fav shooter based game, I love the rpg elements and the classes are insanely well thought out and are very interesting. The story is written so well and the voice acting is very well performed. The game is full of little funny puns (Like suicide Psychos screaming YOLO just as they explode into a violent cloud of red mist is much more entertaining than it should be)!!I give this 10/10 and it has earned a BADASS seal of approval!
Witcher 2 inspires awe, every game you play after you finish this game is a slight dissapointment. The story in this game has so many different choices and endings it feels like a different game everytime you choose a different path. The graphics are unreal and beat everything realeased, even today, the animations and voice acting is superb and the sounds are so clear and music is amazing and it fits really well into the dark fantasy world. There are some memorable tracks to this game which have made their way into my playlists.The combat style is not different from most rpg's, hack and slash, magic spells (called signs) and potions. Some people say it came out as half baked, but I love it and it really gets you to think about your stategy, especially against large groups of enemies. The constanting rolling around that you ahve to do to avoid enemy attacks is rather tiresome, as blocking is ineffective against many different enemies. The different skill trees are all very well balanced and each skill impacts combat and how you play big time. The drawback with the alchemy system is that potions can only be consumed outside of combat, so constantly saving before entering a new room is advisable, so it is possible to reload without worrying if you have lost a large portionof time spent doing quests. The main protagonist, Geralt of Rivia is a badass monster slayer who you just love form first sight (much like his hot girlfriend Triss!!). And the most hyped up and important part of the game, the story is written and directed like a AAA movie title, only ten times better! Going through the prologue is like watching Game of Thrones, it is awesome.This game also utilises Witcher 1 saves so all the different choices and descisions you made in that, impact your Witcher 2 game! The story's allusions to the whole witcher univerrse allow you to roleplay the witcher effectively, but the main plot pulls Geralt out of his main profession, he turns away from his witchering throughout much of the main plot, with only a few quests showing off his full monster hunting aspect. This game is magnificent, it is a visual feast and contains a plot which constantly twists and turns and gets you to think long and hard about decisions you make over your favourite characters.Overall - 99/100 Must play!
This Dino  GAME -t (not sim, don't expect a realistic game, think battlefield to Arma, look out for Saurian if that is your goal), that aside. This is a very enjoyable game, the grind invovled in this game is immense, with some dino's taking past ten hours to tame and things to grow can take hours. This doesn't detract from the whole experience, unless you lose hard earned dinos and parts of your base. PvP servers are brutal, with people attacking each other unprovoked, so expect a harsh world. The graphical quality of this game, even on low--medium--high is immersive, with the sounds of different dinosauria (modders get to work on a full Jurassic Park overhaul please) being distinct. I would like some more ambient sounds like birds and trees rustling, to make it like the launch trailer as they run towards the base. The combat is very fun and keeps you on the edge of your seat. Dinosaur taming is very long and extremely difficult, some requiring tranquilizers to keep them down. The differnet climates of the zones are very different, with snows being unforgiving and harsh, me and my tribemate flew there on our hard earned Pteranodons and threw up a ramshackle hut, planning to set out on a direwolf hunting expediton the next day, but getting ended up half frozen and thrown off a cliff while we were sleeping...But it is very good to get it at a reduced price and watch it evolve into a monstrosity of Dinosaurs and Tribes waging war on a huge scale, also be sure to check out the Steam Workshop, the plethora of mods made by players add new items and even new dino's and new game modes, so different play styles are encouraged.
The dress is honestly extremely overboard, Triss is supposed to be a fugitive in Novigrad and here she is 'dressed up like a ♥♥♥♥♥ on parade day'. The new hair she gets is extremely nice but I don't think it is worth seeing Triss look like that.+ Rep for free DLC and hair on point-  Seeing Triss like that _ #teamtriss never forget
