Ok so all my friends asked me to review this game but I don't want it be as long as the Borderlands 2 review. So let's use an IGN structure. The presentation of this game is amazing the characters, art style and music are all amazing. To be honest I think this is the 2nd best game Valve have ever produced and that is because of the detail, all the characters are balanced and holy fun to play as. Each Character is completely different letting you play the game in 9 different ways. Now about the trading aspect just look at mine and my friend Hugobosscat inventory and that should tell you about our opinion on the trading. So in a whole TF2 is one of the best games ever made and it's free.
Oh Borderlands 2 your sarcasim and crap ton of weapons has kept me playing on my PS3 for 90 hours and my computer 40 hours. This Game in just 1 word, GUNS and on the topic of GUNS this game a has geometric craptonne of guns some people go for the best they can find but rascals like me farm for the Legendaries,Seraphs AND Pearlescents. This game took me around 40 hours to complete but I stuffed around and did sidequests and other stuff along the way so you could probably finish it a lot quicker I'm also not that good so that's also probably why it took so long. But I didn't even mention the 6 playable characters or Vault Hunters. They are all very unique so I'll go over my favourites in short detail. The Siren is a character that controls the field of battle she uses her action skill Phaselock to trap enemies in a big purple ball thing. She has amazing skills (mostly found in the motion tree) like Subsequence which after you have killed an enemy in Phaselock it moves to another target or the final skill of the Cataclysim tree Ruin which causes enemies to get slagged, zapped, corroded and lit on fire while in your Phaselock, these 2 skills paired up with converge (suck nearby enemies in into the Phaselock) can be a deadly combination of skills. She is probably my 2nd favourite. My favourite vault hunter is the Assasin, Zer0. He is a stealthy warrior and with the action skill and skill trees this shows through. Zer0 has 3 skill trees (obviously) Sniping, Cunning and Bloodshed. So basically you can be a Sniper a Ninja or a Samurai. My favourite skill tree is the Cunning skill tree (Ninja skill tree) It revolves heavily around his action skill Deception. Deception is when you lay out a decoy of yourself while you become invisible. The enemies can not see you while you're in Deception so they will shoot your decoy. You become visible after you shoot an enemy or the 5 second timer on your Deception runs out. Anyhow back to the skill tree the middle skill of cunning is really amazing it is called Death Mark. After you stab or melee an enemy they will have a little Zero above their head notifying you that you've marked them. If you mark a target then all damage is 20% stronger to that enemy. The final skill of Cunning is Death Bl0ss0m which when you're in Deception if you press F on your keyboard you throw a handfull of Kunai (Little Sharp Knifes). This does so much damage it's insane but one of the best parts of this skill is that doesn't stop your Deception and it can apply Death Mark. Which means that if you don't want to get up close and stab them to get that Death Mark you can throw your Kunai instead. Borderlands 2 is a great game and I highly recommend it to anyone who is a fan of FPS or Shoot and Loot games.(By the way my favourite weapon is the Pitchfork sniper rifle)
The best Co-op and Beat em' up game I have ever played the worlds, the music, the playable characters, the accesability is all amazing but there is one tiny little problem...... It's to short but other than that this is one of the best games I have ever played and I say that with complete honesty
Best Sandbox game I have ever played (apart from GTA) you immedialty sense that this is a great game as they don't have any intro they just plonk you into the action which is great. The multiplayer and trading card features are amazing but the only problem is that you CS Source or the textures to play alot of popular gamemodes
I think this is a great game it is extremely funny and sarcastic but it is a great trainer and just a fun game altogether.
