Fable Anniversary is a -HD Remake of the Original Extended Version Fable: The Lost Chapters.- Keep in mind it is the -HD Remake- not -Fable 4.- So many people are giving this game a bad name for the wrong reasons, its been 10 Years since the release of the original game and to celebrate Lionheart have done a HD Remake of their game, of course it will run the same.Now lets talk about the gameplay. Fable Anniversary has been masterfully re-crafted the original Fable with beautiful textures. Its absolutely stunning, I could not help myself staring at the landscape while being ganked by couple of those filthy hobbes and bandits. The game ran smoothly for me and could not help myself reminicise good moments when I was playing Fable TLC. Combat system is still fantastic like its predecessor although some of the enemies I thought were just cheap and annoying. The NPCs are still funny and a tad stupid like one time I just went to the Bowerstone Inn for a Quest when random villagers kept applauding and laughing at me when I was trying to have a chat with a Quest Giver. The story for me is still excellent and lovely. Pretty much my experience with this game have been awesome the only problems were some of the bugs that were initally on before the update. Controls for the PC are a bit strange and would personally recommend controller. Now everything is great. Even though the game might not seem new this game has -mods- which will definitely have some bonuses. So overall, this game I would recommend to people, even though people might say this game is trash it is their opinion. For me I love this game and is a great HD-Remake Port for the PC.
A visually captivatng yet simple game. Just absolutely love it. Wished there were people online but it is a great Pool Game and highly recommend to everybody.
One of the best sniper games I have played up to date. I was not a fan intially but thanks to V2 I feel like getting V3.
What can I say about game?It is one of the best games I have played this year.I was not a fan of the Elite games until recent I got my hands on Sniper Elite V2.This game is magnificient, the open world of the maps of Africa are extraordinary. The old and new mechanics are refined and are brilliant, much better than previous game.AI has improved from previous game. However they are still ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but are so fun to kill.There is also a lot more customisation with rifles, loadout and lots more.Multiplayer is great, however needs more people and some touches.Only problem is some glitches it has like invisible Ammo Boxes ad bodies spazzing everywhere.What else can I say?All I can say is..... GET THE GAME EVEN THOUGH ITS EXPENSIVE ITS WORTH IT!!!!!
Final Fantasy IV, what can I say about this game?First off I ain-'t much of fan of the Final Fantasy Series but when I tried Final Fantasy IV it changed what I initally though of it.This HD Remake is brilliant, the music like in any other Final Fantasy Game is absolute. Its fine orchestral melodies give a fantastic atmosphere in-game. The combat system is pretty basic and lovely, I am still not a fan of it since I prefer more of a Turn-Based Mechanic like Civilization and so on. Still its good but I stress everytime when I am doing a move and if I click on the wrong menu I am losing precious seconds giving the enemy AI an opportunity to defeat my party. The Story is great, you play as a Dark Knight called Cecil (Or in my game ♥♥♥) who follows the orders of supreme tyrant king. He and his Red Wings go to the City of Mysidia and attack on its peaceful people for its crystal. I won-'t go on any longer with the story, but becomes interesting the more you know. The Characters in game are all facinating and quite lively, the cut-scenes in the game include voice-overs which I found great. Finally, Final Fantasy IV succeeds on being a True JRPG, the only thing I had problem with  was what to do next? In this game, I am told what to do and when accomplish I just don-'t know what to do or go where. A bit more guidance in-game would have done the trick. Also this game has very good -Engrish,- you will notice some when you read the text carefully.Overall this game I found it a  good rendition on my Steam Library and cannot wait for more of the Final Fantasy Games to get on steam. The is excellent fulfulling what a JRPG should do with excellent music, interesting story and well-thought characters. In addition, has some faults with guidance in-game and contains some well written -Engrish.-
meh
