So I just recently completed the main story of Fallout and found myself sitting on 80 hours of gameplay with many more waiting to be played in this huge, amazing world. I haven't felt the same way that I felt while playing Fallout 4 since I first played Skyrim back in 2011. There have been many improvements made upon the past games and the diverse, dynamic, sometimes very scary world of Fallout 4 delivers an intense and compeling playthough that will leave you nothing less then astounded by how much work has been put into this game. The world is huge and packed to the brim with content and the amount of detail put into every square inch of this game is insane. However I don't think ill be putting as many hours into this game as I did in Skyrim (500 on one charecter on console and another 100 playing through the expansions on PC), but that's mainly because I just prefer the fantasy worlds of the elder scrolls series over the nuclear worlds of the fallout series. I can't wait to see what the upcoming DLCs bring to this beautiful game, aswell as what the great modding community can do to touch up any small things people don't like about the game (UI and inventory mods etc.) and what amazing big stories and gameplay content they can add to this already content rich game. Apart from some small annoyences  So in conclusion my rating of this game would be a very solid 9/10 in its current state with an easy 9.5/10 once the mods and DLC start flowing out and is well worth the money to buy.
This game is amazing! The world of Pandora is unique and absolutely crazy!!! It has all the features of great RPG games and shooters alike, combined with a long main quest line and loads of awesome DLC, I can easily recommend this game to everyone! :D
I first played the masterpiece that is Skyrim back near its release day in 2011 and I can still clearly remember my exact experiences and overwhelming feeling of excitement and joy I got while playing it. I spent nearly all of my hours on Skyrim on that one charecter I first made and started him off as the iconic sword and shield wielding dragon slayer that we all got boners over in the trailer and maxed that out and then switched to a duel-wielding berserker that tore apart my foes in a flurry of blade slashes and then decided to max out my sneaking skills when joining the dark brotherhood and thieves guild and transformed that into a sneaky bow and dagger wielding charecter that took out ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly Thalmor and unsuspecting adventurers before they could even see me and finally turned my charecter into a duel magic wielding powerful arch-mage that had mastered both the destructive and healing powers that magic had to offer and ran around the world spamming the powerful master spell: Lightning storm, which when combined with my high level enchanting skills to make destruction spells cost 0 mana could take down any foe in just a few seconds of aiming and blasting away.Anyway you get the picture, I ended up spending a good 500 hours on that one charecter back when I played on my PS3 and then later moved onto PC and made Skyrim one of my first buys. I remember being so depressed when x-box users got the Dragonborn DLC a few months earlier then the other two platforms and couldn't think about the idea of not playing Dragonborn at the same time as other people but it eventually came out and I was almost as excited and filled with joy to play it as I was at the original release of Skyrim. My 100 hours of gameplay on Steam was with the DLCs alone without doing any of the side quests or guild missions that the game had to offer and I plan on going back to the world of Skyrim and doing it all again eventaully as this is and possibly always will be the greatest RPG ever made.As for a rating? Well i'd be delusional if I gave it anything less then a 10/10 and with the base game being so incredible alone as well three awesome expansions being added and the edition of the greatest mods and modding community that gaming has ever seen, I have no hesitation in giving this game an 11/10!I can't bare to wait another 4 years for The Elder Scrolls 6 and have no doubt that it will be able to surpass it's legendary predecessors and become another shining gem of gaming and be talked about for years just like it's past brothers Skyrim, Oblivion and Morrowind.
