Notrium.I don-'t have words for this game. Probably one of my most favoured games of all time, I can-'t believe it-'s on Steam! I dropped the $1.99 in about a second! Notrium is a survival game. You play as one of 4 characters from a crew that crashlands on an alien planet. Your goal is to survive, be it that you find a way offworld, or take presedence over the locals and become ze-' ubermanche. There is the Human, Alien, Android and Psionic. I personally prefer the Human and Alien to the other two races, because of the amount of gameplay each presents. Notrium hits the -Survival- Part right on the money. You constantly have to moniter your temperature and hunger, as well as focusing on the whole NOT DYING part. I sincerely hope Ville releases workshop for this game, due to the huge amount of moddability. Someone modded this into a side scroller guys! How crazy is that? Insanity aside, $1.99 is a small price to pay for a game with this kind of content. Definitely worth the time you-'ll spend dying over and over again.
A fantastic zombie game! Fast paced; but also with the details you'd need to enjoy a true Zombie survival. Can't wait for the full thing to come out! 9/10 Paws! :3-r + Fantastic Zombie design; as well as the survivability ideas.-r+ I really enjoy the sound system; how the zombies can hear you is really cool!-r+ The way you can't see things unless they are in your field of view is awesome! Just like real life~-r - No NPC's! D: I think this would be a core aspect of a Zombie adventure; encountering other survivors; whether they be friendly or violent. I did read that they were originally in the game; and they got taken out. Please return them ASAP! :D-r- No unique Animations for weaponry! Also; some of them get screwed up. I was holding my handgun upside down; AND backwards! D; What's up with that? You should also make sure that the if you get a certain style of melee weapon; they swing differently. Like; I don't think I'd swing an Axe like a Baseball bat. XD Just saying!-r = It's a Zombie game. At least they aren't Nazis... /Senses incoming DLC./
Heroes and Generals is a FPS based in the years of World War II.Not only is the game powerful in video design so far, but the graphics are equal to the amount of fun. I honestly cannot say how great it is putting a M1903 Round into the back of a Fritz-' skull from 800 Metres away. They cry like TINY BABY MAN.The tank play is great, albeit the power of the German-'s tanks seems a little... daunting. And I-'ve seen a lot more of the russian front weaponry. I think Heroes and Generals has the potential to cover all fronts of the war, and that-'d be something I-'d like to see in the future.Don-'t get me started on planes. I hate them, so much. You know how annoying it is to have a Fighter/Bomber just pop you to pieces as you support your team capping a point? It sucks. That-'s why I play Recon Defense. Never really -In- the fight. Just, quietly helping your buddies out.The teamplay has a lot to offer, with the Assault Teams and the war itself. Up the US!But there are still a few bugs. I like how the American Sherman can-'t drive through a pile of ADAMANTIUM FREAKIN-' LOGS.WTH. Flipping your tank on a ROCK.And then getting your tummy blown to smitheroons.Not impressed by that.But all in all, a good game. :D 8.5/10!
Did you literally just make my base game redundant? WTF? :/
