Has great graphics and movement. The only problem is that i am no good at the game.
This game is hilarious!Multiplayer servers are kinda bad, you know, the deathmatch ones, where you die 0.1 secs after spawning.But the servers that are not like that are pretty good.
fun free to play zombie gameIGN 10/10
-fun to play with friends-fun to play when bored-fun to try and beat high scores...This game is fun
Played Zombie army 1... LOVED IT. Played Sniper elite... LOVED ITand this game... just wow.It is definately one of the best zombie games i personally ever loved.And i also love how there are australian servers! YAY - below 100 ping
Fun time waster, if you got some free time it's great to just jump on for 5 mins and do some clicking.
Fun game. It aint bad, it aint alright. It is amazying. Anyone want to try out this game? Cuz its kewl10/1
So far this game has quite a few ups and downs. 1st: This game has great combat systems, great graphics and great everything! It is really a new experience each time you play.2nd: There has been a great deal of hacking/exploiting/cheating. But i am not one of those people who hates. I understand this game is only in early development. And that there is pleanty of time to fix these things and make it better!Overall. This is an outstanding game with beautiful gameplay experience.If you are looking for a good FPS with Adventure, Action and A Good Open World Map. Then this is definately the game for you!Great Game Guys! Keep up the good work and dont let those hatters stop you from making this game the game best of 2015!5 STARS!........ this is what I wrote 1 year ago, and has the game got any better? HELL NO.The game is glitchy, has 60% of the community just blatant cheaters and not to mention the new updates that have broken the game completely. would you pay $40 for a game that has barely 60%+ reviews? Because i sure as hell wouldn't.I thought this game would get better, and most games do. But to be honest, this game has only got worse. How you may ask? Look up some videos from a year ago and you will see how.-5 STARS!
Love how the levels are randomly generated with such a variety of weapons and armor
