Alright, lots of hate on this game for being -nothing like the original Tomb Raiders-. So don-'t go into this thinking it-'s like the others. It is a fantastic game in its own right, and imo the best of the series. For $20 pick this one up, you surely won-'t regret it.
Banished ReviewSteam Release Date - 19 Feb, 2014Genre - City Builder, Strategy, SurvivalDev name and status - Shining Rock Software, IndieAge Rating - N/AWorth it? Yes.TL;DRBanished is a challenging (but fantastic) city builder which strays from the rest as it is not your typical city builder; instead of huge capital cities that we see in games like Cities: Skylines, Banished focuses on a small town with a low budget. Personally, I think it is one of the best games in the city building genre. That said, however, the AI of the villagers is rather mediocre, and at the moment there isn't a whole lot to it's (beautiful) bones. This game can provide hours of good, challenging fun, but don't come expecting anything like Cities: Skylines. Also note that this game is very hard, and may be frustrating to those new to the genre, even experienced city builders will also need to have a few tries to get used to it's somewhat complicated mechanics and challenge. Banished has a bit of a lack of tutorials, so don't expect that you will understand everything right away.Banished is fantastic and challenging, but don't come expecting another Cities: Skylines.After many tries and hours of understanding every little mechanic, I have finally formed a functional city with a good population. Yet in this game, someething, small or big, will fail, and everything will completely go down hill. That is the thing with Shining Rock Software's 2014 city builder Banished, there is and always will be an underlying threat. Whether it's famine, cold, a natural disaster, your town will eventually go to the pigs.Your town starts off with a few small, hopeful families, a storage barn, and a stock pile with not a hell of a lot of starting resources. You start off building a few small wooden houses, you make some gatherer's huts, forester lodges, nothing too big. Your town will slowly grow in population and size, and soon you have a city on your hands. However, don't expect it to be a Cities: Skylines type thing where you can just sit back and watch your city work, you need to keep your eyes on the game at all times. One time I had a town-wide famine, because the road from one of the gatherer's huts to the storage barn was too long. Couldn't understand why everyone kept dying of starvation. While it is occasionally very frustrating, it is a very addictive game, and sometimes when everything goes bad the game really shines. The dire need of resources, the feeling of hope, the game will immerse you. So, lets get into the pros and the cons.Pros-Addictive-Challenging-A blast of fresh air-Cool art style and general feel-Interesting seeing your town work and grow from the teamwork of all your villagers-Immersive-Lots to achieve and work to-Relatively simple-Pretty good map generation settings-Weather cycles which can mean life or death-Lots of different ways to approach things; you could use a gatherer to gather food from the forest, use aquired seeds to make farms, or maybe just buy all your resources off the trading post, you can decide-Villagers aren't just lifeless robots, they have needs and happiness which can be fulfilled in different ways-Natural disasters are a cool feature which you need to prepare for-Gives you a good overview of statistics in your townCons-Villager AI is mediocre at best-Not great control over a few different things like villager paths and resource management-Not a hell of a lot on it's bones yet-Lack of tutorials, just throws you in the deep end-UI can be a little hard to navigate-Some resources like rocks are not unlimited, and will eventually run out (this takes a long time though)-Annoying little bugs which can destroy your cityWell, that's basically that. Banished has a fair share of cons, just like any game, but I personally think it deserves a solid 8.5/10It serves as a fantastic ant farm simulator as well, seeing your people evolve and grow, seeing them get all wiped out (fun). It is one of my favourites in the city builder genre and any experienced city builder should pick up this game, but even newbies to the the genre can pick up this game and have fun.
Oh wonderful, a glitchy find an object game for 5 god damn dollars.11/10
Jimmy and Bobby had a bet.-Bet you can-'t make a game with your eyes closed Jimmy!- Said Bobby.Bobby was right.But this game is still fantastic.
Surprisingly, it-'s a really rather good city-builder*disclaimer, long and detailed review, skip to bottom for final verdictI got Tropico 4 in a humble bundle, kind-'ve only wanting the other games in the bundle. So there it sat in my vast Steam library, not really doing anything. And then, my friend told me about a really good city-builder that he had been playing. I thought, -oh Simcity, right?- Wrong. He was talking about Tropico, (Tropico 5 however). At this time, I had forgotten that I even had it. So, when I looked it up on the steam store, I realised that I already had it. So, I gave it a shot. And I was quite presently surprised! So, here is a list explaining the good and bad elements of Tropico 4 and there reasons.Pros+Each little person has their own profile;What was one of the elements that made Tropico stand out was the ability to click on every little person walking around, doing there daily routine. Once you clicked on them, a profile of the character came up, explaining their age, wellbeing, faction, name, where they work and where they live. It would also make the camera follow that person. Sometimes, I would find myself just seeing people go about their daily lives for hours on end.+In the population, there are structured families;A little more of a unnecessary part of the game, (but undoubtedly cool) was the structured families. Sometimes when checking people-'s profiles, you may find a group of people with the same last name. At first, I thought ths was just due to the developers not putting enough names in. But then, I executed a guy, and then everybody with the same last name as him got enraged. Confused, I looked at the effects of executing someone, and it said; -victim-'s family will become enraged- and thats when I realised, there was families, which is really cool!+A system where technology evolves with time;Much like Civilization V (which is an utterly fantastic strategy game), technology would advance as time goes on. This means, that I might start out with some crappy tenements, but when I research more stuff, I could have super high-tec shopping malls. Nuff said.+The ability of extreme POWER;In this game, you have the power of anything and everything on the island, (apart from the rebels, which we will get to later). None of the decisions will be made for you, you have to make them. There are recomendations for what to build, but I mostly found myself ignoring them, as sometimes they can screw you over.+Rebels;The rebels system in this game is rather good. It-'s simple, when someone becomes too unhappy with the island, they will become a rebel. Rebels can and will screw you over. They will start fires, attack buildings and people and generally become out of control.+Disasters;Perhaps copying other citybuilders, this game has disasters. Dont worry though, you won-'t be having meteors or aliens or...dinosaurs *cough*Simcity*cough*. Just normal things like nuclear bombs or volcano eruptions or earthquakes. And it won-'t just be mildly annoying either, it will seriously screw you over. Once, when I built my city next to a volcano, thinking it would look pretty cool, lets just say it wasn-'t cool when flying blobs of lava engulfed the city and I went financialy in debt.So, thats the list of things which I think are pretty cool in this game. Now, we will talk about the cons.Cons-Limited time;The thing I can think of straight off the bat is that it has a limited amount of time for a game, even in sandbox mode! Sure it is a while, but one time, I built a really great city...and then I couldn-'t play anymore because my -mandate had run out-, and that was on maximum time. Sure, it adds realism, but sometimes fun should overweigh how realistic it is. This is where Just Cause 2 shined, now you might be thinking, -what the devil, what on Earth has that got ot do with Tropico?!- well, my friend; nothing. I was just bringing it up. Anyways, the reason Just Cause 2 was so fun is that it was completely unrealistic. Tropico should get some inspiration off that.-Lack of help;One of the annoying things about this game is that it just throws you in with -build a city-. This is a large downside, as the game is quite complicated in the financial part of things. Alot of the time, I found myself looking at my amount of money, going down by the thousands, completely confused why.-Graphics;Now, I would like to point out that this is a very small and minor problem, especially considering it-'s a citybuilder. But the graphics are a little lacking.Final VerdictSo, we are down to the final verdict, and, if you couldn-'t already tell with the big blue thumbs up stamped on, I most certainly recomend Tropico 4! Even though it has flaws, I can still say this is a great, solid citybuilder. Thank you for taking some time to read this!
Glorious.
My review of Shadow Warrior:Killed hordes of demons, birdmen that shoot fire and machine-gun wielding samuraisGot killed by a killer demon bunny11/10 would get killed by demon bunny again.No but seriously, this game is bloody damn awesome.
