This is a masterpiece! In this MOVA crossed RPG, things characters when we buy are and the characters themselves this race and who we're playing a tank, Archer, mage or warrior chosen by you depending on what race and what class you will be their special abilities in the game. The game also has a dungeon and at the end we will have no turret which is easy to kill, and after tear down line 2 towers (this can help a huge Troll) after break to pichat at the gate there waiting for the boss (he also always pumped as you are) it becomes harder to kill than a normal main turret as in other LANGUAGE games. Daily quests, keys (bronze, silver and gold) for unlocking the race on 1 battle, 1 day, and week, every week give free 3 bronze and 2 silver. The game has a leveling of the character and of our account. And many more all of which I did not see, and only read the description of the game :DFighting 3x3 and 1 map ;( but I think after Closed Beta, at least in the OBT will add cards...The game will appeal to lovers MOVA and fans of RPGs with the top view in the style of Diablo.
The game - well, very simply gorgeous. The graphics on the highest level. I really liked shooting. For you to pay money not ashamed. Good graphics, new characters, new weapons and much more. The only thing I didn't like is the choice of weapons in the form of wheels instead of the usual
Before us all the power, Majesty and beauty of Ancient Rome, for which it is responsible no less powerful engine Cry Engine! The graphics are simply upside sgibatelna. The movements of the characters live, apparently used motion capture technology. Battles with enemies are realistic and well developed from the point of view of cold weapons. On account of the plot. It is in the style of the movie Gladiator, and several films about Roman legionaries. Of the minuses as I want to note the absence of raschlenenki and too small amount of blood on the screen. Although many people probably display a plus, but not me. Recommend this game to all, I would not dare. Not everyone is like Ancient Rome and fighting with swords. For me personally the game was like back when it was exclusive to the Xbox One. To buy it or not, you decide. From my side I will say that before us is a quality product with excellent graphics and combat system. Game of the year, 10 out of 10. It is time now to do a movie about the Spartans
the best part of the Team Fortress 2
Let's be honest - a decent turn-based tactical war (with reservations) strategy can be counted on the fingers of one hand. Ambiguous - on the fingers of two hands. On recognized best examples will suffice and one foot Ninja Turtles. All the more regrettable that the best are the most severe ancestors already difficult genre. In those days, X-com: UFO defence forced for years to come to look at the PC as the dominant gaming platform, so how to get on the UFO 1 Playstation1 then was almost unreal, like to know about the console version at all. As part of the promotion of (and cuts in capacity, but this is not always negative) leader is precisely this, the sixth in a row - XCOM: Enemy Unknown. The same replayability and other mechanics of the interaction. I recommend everyone to get acquainted with the best strategy in 2012, and the original 19-year-old, which is superior to the heir in everything except graphics and sound. As for the expansion Enemy Within, it is a mandatory purchase for all fans of the original. Introduction of human groups EXALT resulted in half of new types of missions that will have to be repeated over time in each of the council, but its a fraction of the diversity of these missions are all the same make. It's certainly not the kind of sodomy, which could arrange for the area cultists (and sponsors allies too) in X-com: Apocalypse game at any time at the request of the back heel and when I was a surplus stock of grenades, but no one does. Changing old habits, the use of genetic and technical modifications, new enemies and inventions to deal with them noticeably enliven the battlefield. Several new vnesyuzhetnyh self-contained missions will not get bored in the moments between skeet and EXALTatsiey, but the general outline of the plot remains the same as the ending, and this is another reason not to play in the 2012 version. Advanced remake now absolutely incorrect to compare with the first part - it absoltno self-contained project that seems after a few passages, can complement quantitative indefinitely. More missions, more skills and more things - the absolute predictability from the second approach does not just make nostalgically recall the randomly generated landscapes of the original, but no one does ...
