Very good game: -Unique animation that looks awesome and works well -Great central storyline  -Lots of side quests to keep you busy I even found traveling in the game fun, with the possibility of finding chests or rare items along the way -Nice battle gameplay (boss fights etc.) -Even more fun when playing with friends (co-op)
One of my favourite multiplayer medival games.  +Good graphics (nothing super good but works well)  +Super fun to decapitate someone or hack off their limbs  +Decent melee fighting mechanics (feels quite satisfying when you kill someone) Not too serious a game. If you-'re looking for something very realistic this might not be for you, but if you just want to duel some friends or jump in a 1 for all servers and go ham i say give this game a shot -FOR THE ORRDDDEERRRR-
One of the best free games out there with HATS HATS HATS
One of my favourite games and even after over 1500 hours i am still not bored of it You are able to play this with 2 different mindsets: 1. Serious  +Probably one of the best team competitive shooter-'s out there  +It has great game mechanics, countless different strategies and teamplay, a lot of skill and a pile of interesting maps (ie, dust 2, dust 2 and dust 2)  + It has one of the major esport competitive games with many fans and lots of pro teams to follow+ Not a simple game by any means (has a high skill ceiling). There is tones to master and learn in the game. Just the shooting has a lot to it; the ideal uses of each different gun and its different spray pattern (Yes, unlike COD the gun has recoil). There is also a lot to learn about the various maps, common prefiring spots, different smokes, grenades and flashes etc. You can also infinately increase your game sense and just overal experience.   2. Not serious (Troll)  + You can play with a lobby of friends and just have a blast  + The in game chat can let you hear the best of stories, shout never ending insults and of course simply take the ♥♥♥♥ out of everyone (especially twelvies)  + There are so many private servers if you are sick of the main game modes making it very hard for you to get bored of this game. (there are: surf, death run, 1v1, zombies, bhop, dodgeball and countless other servers)  + Even in the competitive gamemode you can have a lot of fun without playing very seriously with the sole intent to win. You can mess about and have fun with -strat roulette-, run around getting rowdy and being idiots with your team, attempt ninja defuses or faze shots. Not to mention getting a zues, knife or nade/flash/smoke kill is pretty damn satisfying. No matter if you want to play this game seriously or not there is so much to enjoy and i would definately recommend this to all multiplayer fps lovers, and just gamers in general.
