Played this on the PS3 and wasted many many hours of my life.  Actually they were not a waste at all. I enjoyed every minute every second.  The ps3 version was buggy.  Now I got myself a proper gaming PC.  I LOVE IT EVEN MORE! This game is amazing.  Appart from the occassional crash (on windows 10) I find deleting all my older saves helps that alot.  This game is a piece of art.  The story line.  The choices.  The consequences.  It really is amazing. And more amzing on desktop.  WOW.  It runs beautifully.   Dogmeat is the best! BUT HOLY HELL Charon is a killing machine.   I sure love those Ghouls.  Love seeing the changes playing from a goody two shoes on the ps3 to playing an evil ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on PC.  I may only be at the start of my fallout 3 journey (again on pc) but those numbers will sure go up fast.  BOOM! 10/10
Wow! My mind is completely blown.  This game was beautiful, stunning, moving and addictive.  I just lost myself in this game.  The story line is brilliant. Choices actually matter.  I love the cast.  Zoe was great and Saga man I want a whole game as Saga.  I am going to go in for a second play soon and make that game defining choice.  Beautiful.  I got this game on sale and would have 100% been happy if I payed full price for it. Well worth the money! yay for this game!
I would highly reccomend that you only buy this game when it is on sale.I did enjoy this game a little too much.  It was very weird. But oh so entertaining.  But just as the story starts getting interesting...BAM NO MORE!!I was a sucker and bought the deluxe pack (while on sale) probably wouldn't do that again...even season 1 for the price is not worth it.  BUT it is a rather enjoyable game and I really do hope that season 2 comes out soon.  Shortest season ever though.  Man.....why. I'm sure it has replay value though to get the trophies.
As I write this review I have only played 1.2 hours.  This will no doubt go up very quickly.  I first played this game on console.  Ps3.  And that is where I fell in love with the series. But on the PC is where my love will become obsessive. The kind of I would die for you stuff that you don't want to get involved with.This game might not be the newest on the block but it sure is pretty on PC.  But I am a console owner too so I guess it doesn't take much to impress me.The story line itself.  The weaker one of the trilogy but still amazing in its own way.  May not have the jaw dropping reveal of 1 but still hooks me in everytime.  Plus I love those friggin Splicers.So far no crashes.  On Windows 10.  But I do have Games Live installed.  I would highly reccomend this.
I was a newbie to the series. This is the first Fallout game I played but not my favourite. Honestly I was glad I played it first. It made me appreciate 3 and New Vegas.  Not that FO4 is a bad game. Far from it. I have wasted many hours going into days of my life stuck in this world. Wanting to collect and see everything. First played on PS where i had two characters.  Now my hours are building up and loving every minute of it.  Playing the previous games made me wish they had kept the skill system. I really enjoyed that and the weapon repair system also.  This game is amazing.  It is very easy to get your moneys worth on this game..especially with MODS.  Oh mods.  Anyway this is a great open world game with plenty to do and see! I got it on sale but probably would have paid full price. (even though Im a tight ♥♥♥ who likes sales)
Amazing game.  Played it several times on ps3 and now falling in love with it all over again on PC.If anyone is having issues with no sound after the plane crash https://forums.2k.com/showthread.php?15383-No-sound-RealTek-and-Vista-fixed! Otherwise this series is my favourite game.  It doesn't matter how many times i play it.  And its gorgeous on PC.  Cant wait for the remaster.
