This game is ♥♥♥♥ing incredible. Its not a game its a tool for learning and blowing up little green men.
who knew engineering could be so addictive?
This game is about the closest thing to -Virtual Reality- that is currently available. Now excuse me while i weep in the corner.
I have no doubt that this game is going to be great once it is complete, until then I expect bugs and glitches, problematic cross platform releases and widespread frustration. It is because of my interest in the intellectual property that I will endure these hiccups because the story that I've only seen 1/6 of so far seems worth it. If you don't have the patience to endure these temporary flaws then I would advise that you wait until after the last episode has been released before getting the game, but if your impatience (like mine) takes the form of needing to know what happens next as soon as ♥♥♥♥ing possible then those things are in all likelihood going to be (and indeed, so far have been) a big part of the experience. OR you could just go and watch a playthrough on the youtubes but then you would miss out on the experience of actually making decisions (not that they really have any impact on the story in the first episode). This game does so far capture the spirit of its source material, and for that it should receive praise, its marketing genius and i'm eating it the ♥♥♥♥ up. woot
post sandpocalypse Dubai is an awesome setting for this adaptation of an old tale of war and madness. the gameplay is conventional but the storytelling is more interesting than the average shooter. Well worth checking out if you prefer singleplayer games.
satisfyingly gory without being too morbid about it, a curious look into the inside of the human body with a unique control scheme that is difficult to control but hugely fun to clumsily bump around with.
mindbending but thought provoking, perspective plays a huge role in solving these puzzles which are refreshingly difficult until the solution smacks you in the face.
i lost weeks at a time to playing this game but it gets the heart pumping like nothing else out there. Playing this game is not conducive to leading a productive life IRL, but its defs worth checking out if you have the time to spare.
the only game to choose if you want to teabag noobs
