I wanted this game to scratch the same itch as games like Infinifactory and Factorio, but I found the game to be a bit of planning and then a whole lot of waiting around.The goal of maximising your profits meant that I would pause the game as I planned out each build chain, and then when I finally unpaused, all I could do is sit and watch for a long time as either my Scientists or Explorers gathered more progression for me, or I earned enough profit to pause the game and build something else.Also the lack of a planning mode/phase meant that I would waste money after I build most of a production line, only to find out that either I miscalculated or ran out of room. If you place a conveyer it costs you $100, and if you then destroy it you only get $50 back, even if you did it right away! If perhaps the game only charged you upon unpausing the game, then perhaps you could go nuts building everything without fear of going broke due to mistakes.I felt like the random elements in the game did not offer enough variability in how you play the game. It's just a matter of looking at the few incredients you have available via the unnecessarily clunky interface, mixing them in the same ways, and producing a product that you then proceed to forget about because it is time to move on to the next product. Then you run out of sockets and just spend the next 30 minutes watching the timer count down and your bank balance go up.This game simply is not for me. I gave it a fair shot but found myself pushing myself to give it more, in hopes that something would change or get better.
40 hours in a single game and despite my federation covering about 50% of the galaxy with our combined borders, and every empire not within the federation being a vassal of either myself (mostly) or one of the other members, THERE WAS STILL NO VICTORY! I literally couldn-'t declare war on anybody and if I wanted to leave my federation to take over the other members, I-'d need to wait a 10 year truce...There is a lot wrong with this game, but I think it boils down to 2 main points. The AI is as dumb as a doorknob There is barely any contentThe AI:So often there are AI ships stuck in a system not moving anywhere, even when that empire is under immediate threat. If you click on the fleet, it will show that it is beginning to warp to another system, but then tries to warp to a different one, and it sits there flipflopping between the two. I managed to defeat my first major battle, despite me being severly underpowered, because I exploted this by attacking two systems on either side of the empires main fleet.When you declare war, every other empire within your control (including allys), -look to you for wisdom-. By that, they turn your highest -power- fleet into a deathball by following it with their entire army. This is so moronic that even if the enemies begin bombarding their planets, their main fleet will still follow you around like they are on a leash.Now, this is helpful in some circumstances. You can take out some much more powerful enemies when you have a few empires worth of ships all attacking the same target, but come on, it would have made much more sense to split up and attack some different targets, especially in the end game when you outpower everything.God forbid, if you decide to join a Federation with your Alliance. It works by giving each member a 5 year turn at being leader. They get to choose who to go to war with and what the demands will be in the case of victory. When it came my turn I found myself declaring war on 4 lesser empires just so we would still be at war for at least part of their turn, because in the 100 or so years that I was in a Federation, I think we declared war on two other empires, and had them declare war once on us. In all 3 circumstances, the AI leader would set the demands to liberate a few enemy planets. The problem with this is that the liberated planets still take a lot of work to befriend, so it-'s usually easier to just declare war on them and cede them like the AI should have done in the first place. Liberating planets is literally the dumbest move you could do in your war demands as it just prolongs an already severly drawn out game.The Content:I probably spent 2/3 of this game on the fastest speed setting, AFK, as I waited for things to happen.The first few hours of the game are pretty interesting, your borders are under immediate threat and you have a lot to get done, but after that, basically nothing can threaten you.There are a few quests that pop up, and an alien race will invade at some point, but they are few and far between and even the few that I did get were pretty much bugged and uncompletable.A game where I sit around waiting for things to happen (and I can-'t make things happen because the terrible AI doesn-'t know how to control a federation when it-'s their turn) is not fun to play at all.All in all, this game feels like it should have been early access and given another few months for playtesters to give the devs something to work on.
I can see how the story/character of this game could be fun, but the random battles, annoying UI and save system makes this too much of a frustrating experience. Sucks, because I'd love to solve the puzzles and experience the story... I just don't wish it wasn't such a slog.
