I would like to start this review with a disclaimer. This is one of the best shooters I've played in a VERY long time. I couldn't name for you the last time I had this much fun with a shooter. The gun-play is crisp and responsive, the level design is beautiful and intelligent and the refreshing return of objective based and team-play oriented combat gives every action you perform and kill you execute out feel meaningful to the overall outcome of the game. However...I cannot recommend this game in it's current form. This is almost entirely due to the business model of the game, for those unaware of it who don't want a long winded explanation I shall attempt to keep it brief. So you have 2 main aspects to the game's business model, cards/crates and mercs. The mercs are on a weekly rotation of 3 and week as of writing this review (this is already too little to have on rotation). The mercs all have differing play styles and unique personality however I believe that individual mercs are FAR too expensive. they can to anywhere from $10 to $15 at one point which is almost as much as you would have paid to get into the closed beta testing! The other aspect being the cards/cases is also rather unfair. Each case contains a guaranteed card and costs 1,000 in-game cash. This is already pretty expensive. The credits are quite hard to earn and the cases will almost never yield a worthwhile card. Something is to be said for the unavailability of credits as a real-money purchase (as of writing this review) but I would bet my bottom dollar that this is only temporary. It is also extremely expensive to trade up merc cards both in lower tier cards and in credits, making it an in-viable option by certain points in the game.  Now I love Splash Damage and I believe they are an extremely tallented developer who put their hearts into projects. I loved Enemy Territory to bits, I thought Brink was an extremely underrated game and I found the Batman: Arkham Origins multiplier rather enjoyable (if a bit rushed) however consumers can not excuse a game of unfair business models with the defense of its game-play. The saddest thing about this is that I do not believe this is entirely Splash Damage's fault. Instead I point a hesitant finger at Nexon, the publishers of the title. Do not forget, readers, that they might have a larger hand in this issue than you might think. So in summary? Fix your business model, then we'll talk.
Possibly one of the greatest games of the generation and the only game I won't ever regret pumping nearly THREE YEARS into.      The engaging combat system, reminisent to Ocarina of Time, is satisfying, brutal and not without its problems. Some of these problems include cheesing PvP with the use of backstabs and many of the deeper nuances not explained by the game at all. The game also boasts a subtle yet epic story, using item descriptions and character dialoge as the only sorces. However this is not a bad thing as it compels you to be more active and thaughtful in and out of the game. To this day, all I can do with my friends is argue about things like the godess Velka and the chronology and the events, the game's predicesors and the upcoming sequel. The game also has a very large and active community as people argue about lore, hold PvP turnaments etc. It is also exceedingly emersive with briliant voice acting, gorgeous sound assets and a musical score that will leave you in awe, make you cry and make you ♥♥♥♥ yourself all at the same time. However before purchasing this masterpiece, you must be aware of the plathera of problems it holds. Some of these are low texture quality, low screen resolution, 30fps lock, almost unusable with a keyboard and mouse, extreme frame drops and a staggering amount of bugs. However ALL of these problems can be fixed with the multitude of mods available for PC. Praise the Sun!
