My first impressions were good, it worked with Castle Crashers and Lego Star Wars, but with other games not so lucky. On Big Picture Mode, If the gane says not controller compatible, It means it, and not all games work with the controller. I have binded my contollers on Left 4 Dead 2(which is actually compatible), Super Meat Boy, or whatever other games were compatible with the controller but don-'t work for some reason. Use the usb cord that this hardware comes with that plugs in with a Xbox 360/One controller, plug it into that and use that contoller, it usually has automatic binding and on a game like Half Life, you just go to setting and usually says -enable gamepad- and it works 100% of the time.
It's a decent mod, it has a good community that makes great content. The only problem I have with it is calling it a game. Garry's Mod is a mod of Valve's Half-Life 2. Garry Newman, the man behind the mod, decided to make a map, put some tools in, copy and paste content from the Half-Life 2 folder and call it a game. I remember when this game was 20.00$ back when it looked interesting enough to check out, but with only being a kid with no money, and having a father who doesn't trust buying things on the internet, I was out of luck, so about 2 years later when I had my own card to buy the game with, it felt like the first time kissing a girl, amazing. After everything was all set, actually playing the game, and figureing out how to play was a pain in the as*s. Then, with a website full of content that other people made, and not knowing how to install said downloaded content, was all the more frustrating. Then the big 13 update came along with the workshop so the communnity could hold the mod's hand the whole time, just one problem, the whole game changed so nothing that I learned sinked, all the new features made no sense to a normal player such as my self. To sum it all up, if you want to play this game and have any actual fun, you have to Have no life and learn how to use every feature in the game. If you want to play Multiplayer you have the pleasure of being ♥♥♥♥♥ by doushbag admins, along with having to tollerate ear shattering sounds of little kids crying in the process, while your bing anally destroyed, as the old saying goes, the only winning move is not to play. The only reason to get this mod is to mess around with the Team Fortress 2 stuff, that's why I have it. If you don't have it, and your deciding to buy it or not, if someone tells you that it's something worth trying out, the person your talking to is not your friend, it's probably someone who has Garry's di*ck 1.54 inches in their as*s, probably Milfof6D9. Take it from someone with a life, job, and on the search for games worth playing on Steam, this mod is not worth the time.
This is entertaining for like Five minutes, but other than that, worst 15 bucks I ever spent.
I will say, this little chapter in the Half-Life series is a good one, but why it-'s good, I-'ve got nothing. First off, priceing this -DLC- at 39.99 is ridiculous, and the only way to buy it is through the Valve pack, or the Half Life pack, both being extremely expensive. Second, it-'s like 5-7 minutes, for a company that is known for being lazy and to over price products, this thing takes the cake (Yea I know). Overall, Half-Life 2: Lost Confidence is not worth your time. For your sake, put your wallet away, open up your Web Browser, go to Youtube and just watch someone play it.
Good gameplay, good communty, has a lot of potential, just don't spend money on virtual items that mean nothing.
