2K Australia got shut down and this is a perminantly unfinished (and thus overpriced garbage) season pass. The Claptastic Voyage is the only DLC they put effort into and the only one worth the money (it is actually really good), so it is better to just buy that instead.
Tron and Trackamnia had a baby and that baby happened to just be the most awesome raceing game in existance.Distance is pretty much a fast paced arcade racer with addition of having a very detailed  map making system. Also your car can fly.
Some of the main ideas behind this game are ingenious but the game itself isn't quite there yet in terms of development. However it is incredibly fun to play.
This game unfortunately is a huge mess (TL:DR below)On one hand, the levels and most of the gameplay is very well designed. The game is challenging and generally any mistakes you make are due to your own lack of precision. I made it through the whole game and had fun most of the time as I enjoyed the challenge.The only reason why I would not ever recommend this game, which is a VERY BIG flaw, is that the ragdolls are very badly designed. For a feature that is so core to the gameplay (especially on the last few levels), it amazes me how random it gets. People seem to blame the games physics in general, but everything else in the game seems to behave normal.When you, or any other object in the game, becomes a ragdoll, anything can happen. You can clip through traps meant to kill you, walls and platforms, or even get blasted outside of the map. Without the ragdoll mechanic the game would be amazing and fair, while still being very difficult. However you will often die, get stuck in a wall or fall off a platform for seemingly no reason and have to start the round all over again. This is most noticeable on one of the last few levels that is literally impossible to beat unless one of the ragdolled objects get stuck in the map, which seems like really lazy design for a game like this.TL:DR Not the challenging game it is supposed to be due to poor ragdoll physics.
You should get fingered.In this game, you finger weirdoes.Every time you finger a weirdo, he screams , shakes and eventually dies.In order to finger more weirdoes, you must find the one that is guilty, so you can finger him to death.The more people you finger with your detached finger, the more you question your own morals as the man who fingers people.I  got fingered and enjoyed it. It-'s fun now and again, but only as a time waster. If you are looking for a more solid game relationship, don-'t get fingered, you will get bored and it won-'t be as pleasurable.:|Fingering aside, this game is basically a -spot the odd one out- puzzle with 4 key hints and rule on each stage. While being repetitive, it is still a very enjoyable time waster. You might even be lucky enough to spot some of the many easter egg characters like well known devs.
This game is about taking chances, multiple playthroughs, making up strategies, item combinations, and a messed up story. If you don't like any of these features then this artwork of a game is not for you.Before you read further I should probably mention that my opinion is slightly bias as I have 100% beaten the previous game and DLC, however I will try to make this review as fair as possible.This game is brilliant. The original binding of Isaac was incredible, and though there wasn't anything bad about it, it had a few flaws and bugs that were noticeable but not really a problem. Rebirth somehow achieves what other game remakes have not,  EVERY single part of the original has been improved to a whole new level, especially gameplay. Gameplay is refined and more flexible, including more complicated level design, enemies, playable characters, and game changing items and item combinations. There are way more items to collect and item effects themselves have been slightly balanced (which is what was needed in the original game). Also the synchronization between item effects has been vastly improved to a point where most items don't cancel each other's effects out or weaken your character overall, which makes the game itself extremely fun, as every playthrough will give you a different mix of items and situations forcing you to make up your own strategies as you go. You can also, for the first time ever, save your game as there are now 3 save slots.The graphics are overall superior to the original, while it doesn't look as smooth, there is a crazy amount of detail and animations that make the game feel more fluid and engaging. [also poop physics]The soundtrack is great. It isn't as great as the first game, but it still creates a very powerful atmosphere. However, the sounds made from effects, items and enemies are a huge and noticeable improvement.Overall there really isn't anything bad to say about this game, it is superior to not only the original Binding of Isaac, but also most other indie games as well.
