I hate this game with a forever lasting passion.The ArmA engine was never made for melee, so that doesn-'t work in DayZ. I can break my legs from jumping down just about over a metre with barely any -weight- in terms of inventory. Servers are still horrible, drop out frequently and etc.Yes I know, this is a -Pre-Alpha-, but it-'s running off of a base game that has been around for a fair while, so you-'d think that even early access it would still be better than this god forsaken trash.I paid $30 for this game which has had nothing but good reviews, granted I hated the mod, I wanted to see what the fuss was all about. What a waste of that $30 for only 3 hours of game play for such a high rated peice of junk.Where a game such as Infestation: Survivor Stories gets nothing but crap, and I have over 500 hours on it because it-'s not a horrible peice of junk. It-'s had its issues, like every other game, but people just got butthurt and decided they stand by their hatred indefinately. With DayZ, I have had nothing but issues. No way to store anything, so if I die, I lose everything that I have played so many hours to obtain. No possible way to -trust- anyone, granted at anytime you can be -stabbed in the back-. And, last but not least, the environment is absolutely abhorrent, the sun is waaaay too bright, doors are sometimes too small, stairs are buggy at best, movement inside a building is a struggle at the best of time, and I could go on but I-'ll just stop there.So, $15 for I:SS and I get 500+ hours. Double that for DayZ and I get 3 hours, not worth a single set in my opinion, but hey, not that many listen to a -hater- of sorts, but behind this hate is an avid gamer who loves to enjoy a good game, and this is not one of the game I enjoy, so it goes into my -CRAP- category in my Steam Library.The moral of this story: Don-'t trust reviewers. Their opinions are worth nothing. Go with your gut and hate what you hate, but atleast give it a go, especially if you get it for free. ;P
