This game is a slightly modified and upscaled port of the DS remake (which was also ported to iOS and Android) of the Famicom original, originally released in 1990. While it is a great game overall, it does have its flaws. The game requires a lot of grinding, so if you aren't a fan of that, you won't like it in this. The plot is generic compared to modern games, but since it was originally made for an 8 bit system in 1990, it's excusable. Unlike every game since IV (and the remakes of I and II), each level of magic has it's own MP level, and each one gains new MP individually. This means that when you get spells of a new magic level, you can only use them once or twice before healing, but you can get more MP with levels. However, the game has its good features. It was the first game to feature the Job system, which returned in later games like V and XIV: ARR. With this, you can change your characters classes freely, at any time. It was also the first game to feature summons, and has many of the classics, like Bahamut, Ifrit and Odin. It has good graphics and a good soundtrack. Overall, this is a great game, and I would recommend it.
Only for true bros. 9/10
To paraphrase the AVGN himself:Strap yourself in for some action packed sidescrolling!It's AVGN Adventures!40 megabytes of explosions! And we have NES Zappers! Yeah... Zappers!AVGN Adventures!Off road death hazards! More power for non stop dying action!AVGN Adventures!Adventures! Thy Farts Consumed, Blizzard of Balls, who knows?AVGN Adventures!Never win a level again, You're always loser!With AVGN Adventures!Game equipped with multiple character mechanics! From Guitar Guy to Mike, lots of things stand in your way!With AVGN Adventures!Well written dialogue with lots of foul language! Leave the realms of normal sidescrollers behind and exceed the boundaries of gaming!AVGN Adventures!Jumping around in Game Land!AAAAAVVVGGGGNNNNN AAAADDDDDVVVENTURES! AVGN Adventures!Props for knowing which episode this is from.
A fantastic game, and a must buy for veterans of the series and newcomers alike.9.99 recurring/10
