Played it for about an hour, I've found I'm dying for one thing, MULTIPLAYER PLEASE DEVELOPERS. The exploration feature in would be on par with Minecraft if multiplayer was added. If the AI was increased and some more horrific creatures were added this game would already have a 9/10 from me. I'm keeping in mind this is an Early Access game.Wishes + Things I like:- If it had an edge of fear from larger and more variant fish types.- Some nasty marine life at night. As in nocturnal life. - Multiplayer. It would increase my hours of gameplay phenominally not to mention all my friends hours who would play this with me.- The concept and room for ideas in this is great.Cons:- It seems a little empty and I wish the graphics options were a bit more diverse. I cant turn up the render distance and its a little odd to suddenly see life spawning in front of me.  - Going in and out of bases seems little too instant and takes me out of the game quite harshly. - Switching between weapons has a bit more effort than necessary, making it scroll-able would be a great time saver instead of having to pause and go to your inventory screen and change numbers around. 
As a realistic person I love this game because you have to perfectly balance the form and function of your craft, within certain practical restraints and resources. This game is not one you can complain about when it comes to paying for items, there is no pay-to-win issue like some other games, all the items are available without the currency of a premium account. I have spent many hours on this game whether they be grinding in different ways for money or levels, or if there was a promotional code out and I was taking advantage of the x2 rewards amount.I wont say this game is perfect, as it is in Alpha right now, but for someone like me who easily notices flaws, I've found I love it. Fast matches with a fun game concept, and when everyone is the engineer, you can really see some fun designs or some smart ones. Overall, I'd say the game is great and you should really give it a try, its not a typical space game, it really is on its own league.
A long time ago I found out what the Impossible game was and enjoyed the challenge thoroughly.Then someone introduced me to this and I dont think my aspirations in life can get any higher.
