In my opinion, FNaF 3 is the odd ball child of the series. It wraps up the story of the haunted animatronics, sorta. Its not too bad, but I don-'t think its very good either. I was a fan of the original. I thought it was a fun yet simple little horror game with a great style. I found the original and its sequel rather tense and scary. This one however, isn-'t scary. Its tense as hell but I wouldn-'t call its -jumpscares-, jumpscares. The original 2 had its animatronics jumping over our desk, right at us. In FNaF 3 the one and only real animatronic (and even calling him an animatronic is a stretch) Springtrap leans in while opening his mouth, as if too say -gotcha again! Wanna go another round??- The closest we get to jumpscares are our old friends returing in hallucinations. But their jumpscares become predictable and will only scare you once or twice. Gameplay is what we-'ve come to expect from the Five Nights series. Monitor the cameras, don-'t let the oogley boogleys get you. The no doors mechanic from the second game is still here, (again) sorta. Instead of a door into your office, you have a vent system under the main map with grates you can close. There are now multiple ways for our furry friend Springtrap to tell us to restart the game. It can be very tense, not knowing where hes coming from, but I still don-'t find the -jumpscare- scary. From door or vent, Springtrap fails to delight. There are secrets aplenty in this game, also multiple endings. Not much replay value though. I-'ve made it past night 2 in this one (look at my reviews of FNaF and FNaF 2) but have since gotten bored and frustrated due to difficulty spikes in the 3rd night. I do recommend this game, just. Its an alright game, not scary but alright. Lets all hope that Five Nights at Freddy-'s 4 is good. Because from the looks of it, it-'s going to be what I-'ve wanted since the original.ADDITIONAL NOTES: Scott Cawthon can be forgiven for Springtrap not having scary jumpscares, as he was using a new graphics enging while making the 3rd entry. I forgot to mention this. The 4th game will run on a simillar engine and has a longer development time than the first 3 and the jumpscares, animatronics and theme all look they-'ll make for good horror. I hope to get the 4th game day of release (as I-'ve been doing since the 2nd game) because I must be honest, I kinda want to spend another Five Nights at Freddy-'s one last time.
Biggest CS noob right here. This game is fun. Not many players on servers. I only found 1 that had a consistent 20 players at all times, but at least you can do bot matches. The shooting is great, the graphics are nice and don't look too dated. The only annoyance I have is with some of the sounds, which are straight from the original game. I know that all they did was port it to a new engine but at least they could've added in some new walking sounds. Get it on sale, or get it full price. Its worth every penny, trust me. Just keep in mind that there aren't many people who play this, so you might want friends to play with. If you're looking for a multiplayer shooter with lots of players, great shooting and great graphics, get Global Offensive. If you're looking for all of that, minus lots of players get CS: Source. Trust me, its worth it.
God, this game is bloody amazing! Just buy it alright, you'll be glad you didThe art style and graphics are the same as they were in The Walking Dead. The choices you make seem like they have meaning (and at times made me feel like an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, due to a certain incident in episode 3)The characters are great and do their comic book counterparts justice. The voice acting is excellent. I love this game if you can't tell.The gameplay and story are fantastic. The Wolf Among Us plays out like a tv series, with five episodes.The only problems I encountered were a few bugs. I can't save my Book of Fables data, due to what I suspect is save corruption, and save file 1 will not work. But thats alright, cause I was able to complete the game on save file 2.Please just buy this game.
My opinion has changed. While I find this game to be fun, it gets old very quickly. Nazi Zombies have been done to death at this point, the objectives are all the same and some missions are almost damn impossible on single player. It might be better with friends but I haven't played co-op so I wouldn't know. Hardly any sniping as you're always getting attack by hordes of Zombies. You can snipe a few but I always end up pulling out my machine gun and mowing them done that way instead. The graphics are the same as V2, aside fro everything being a lot darker. Boss fights are okay but again get old fast because the boss you're fighting decides to spawn a horde on you. Not much variety when it comes to enemies. You have standard Zombies, running kamikaze grenade zombies, big zombies with machine guns and jumping sniper zombies. You get all the guns from V2 straight away (except for some reason they're missing a few it seems) but special weapons can be found out in the feild, but with very little ammo for them. This is one of those times where I wish Steam had a meh button. If you're looking for a zombie shooter, buy Left 4 Dead or L4D2. Its coop and actually very fun. If you're looking for a good sniper game get V2. It is also coop (with 2 players) and very fun. If you just want a brainless (hah) shooter that is good for wasting time with get this I guess. But don't get Nazi Zombie Army 2. Its basically the same game but with different enviroments. JUST LIKE CALL OF DUTY LOLOLOLBut seriously don't bother.
This game is excellent. Its a standalone game (much like FarCry 3 Blood Dragon) so you don't have to purchase Alan Wake before you get it. The plot is a little confusing for me and i find it hard to follow. Its not scary. It has a creepy atmosphere in some places though. Its a lot more action orientated than its predecessor. Its great. Just prepare to backtrack.
