This game is awesome If you havent played the originals. I strongly reccomend that (creeper world Training sim) (creeper world user space) (creeper world evermore) (Creeper world 2)This game has an unlimited play time there are so many maps
This Game doesn't have enough attention it is a very good core game! there are however alot of things wrong with this game dont get me wrong i like this game and recommend it but i cant say that it is perfect. this Game is a FPS-RTS Hybrid it combines the elements of both genres really well there is one commander per team who directs up to 32 soldiers and builds buildings, turrets and researches upgrades. there are four main classes each with subclasses each sharing a class ability with different loadouts to adapt to different situations. the soldiers main job is to destroy the enemy base and capture recource nodes. and thats the jist of it.Now onto the negatives;one class is completely useless and that is the sabatour class he gets 3 c4 like explosives that do almost no damage to structers in fact the only class that can destroy/damage any buildings is the exo class with the rocket launcher. and even then it takes a bunch of them to do it quickly and by quicly i mean in a minute or two. so unless you have a squad of 32 players that follow the commanders orders you are doomed to have an hour long game. the weapons of the game are so varied you cant pick wich is worse form ultra recoil from assault rifles to the jittery sniper rifles to the bug zapping bazooka and of course the ultra sniping godly pistol. all the weapons feel and sound horrible and are broken.But now for the positives;the two teams have different unit models and different buildings and building trees so it adds a diverse feel to the game this is one of the reasons i recommend it. the empire have long range power relays but they need line of sight where as the consortion have wireless but shorter range that require no line of sight.the models of soldiers are really good and different depending on what side your are on and you can easily tell them apart from a distance. and the classes are played like a game of rock paper scissors. assualt beats scout. scout beats exo and exo beats assualt. engineer is support.all in all i give this game a 7/10 this game is good despite the problems with it.
one word: Amazingthe only word to describe this game
This Game is awesome its fun there are always people playing and availible server all the time.You can ride anything from a bike to a panzer battle tank and even a blitze bomber. you can either play as germany or the Usa and it is set in world war 2. i recommend this game its fun its in a friendly community and you dont feel like your grinding to level up.there are a few glitches in the games but nothing serious just if you hoop out of a bike on a incline there is a chance you will fall through the sky to your death .but apart from that this game is good. PLAY IT NOW!
