I would say around half of the people who bought this did just to re-enact that one scene from the end of -The Last Samurai-10/10. Would recreate an early 2000s film again
-A guy once told me one time, -'Don-'t let yourself get attached to anything you are not willing to walk out on in 30 seconds flat if you feel the heat coming around the corner-'-, This is a quote from the famous heist film -Heat- to which PAYDAY: THE HEIST and PAYDAY 2 both used ideas from to create near flawless heisting games. PAYDAY 2 has elements of stealth, carefully intwined with elements of brutality to get the job done, one moment stealing paintings, the next setting up a thermite drill to break into a bank-'s vault. i have had the game since release and finally decide to review it. If you are a fan of heist films (or even if you aren-'t) i highy advise you to buy this game, also, give the less popular first game a spin too.10/10
Have you ever wanted to build a gaint spaceship that when launching you realise doesn't work and actually kills anyone nearby in a burst of fire and death? Or create a giant mechanically working automobile to crush your foes? Or maybe even make a drivable bath tub?! All this and more are possible in GMOD, i have had the game for over a year now and i need to tell the people, this game is brilliant, one minute you can be flinging toasters at the combine, the next making a detailed TF2 scene, and this is all before you get addons, the addon workshop has everything from hilarious weapons to Hitler, you can make quite literally anything you want. Who wouldn't want this game?! You can create a controlled zombie outbreak and then die by the power of a melon falling on you, must buy for any gamer.    10.32224678543319472 / 10
The game features a bigoted Santa as your foe. What more do you want?
This game is an awful lot of fun, not to say it doesn't have its flaws, but fun. I'd say buy it if it's on sale or at full price if you're a fan of zombie games (like L4D, Contagion etc), weapons degrading can be annoying but i suppose it's fairly realistic as you can only smash so many skulls with that stick impaled with nails before it needs repairing. If you're going to buy it get Riptide while you're at it though. (And as an extra feature, you get to go kill this guy called Mugambe's family!)
From the moment the game started it felt a bit too much like a DLC, and if i ignored the technical additions (new inventory interface etc) I would believe it was just a big DLC to Dead Island, but nonetheless, a fun 'DLC'. The story reveals more about what happened with the outbreak of the first game and introduces new zombies, survivors and a couple new weapons too. I think to appreciate this you will need to have played the first game though. The ending leaves you in anticipation of Dead Island 2 and overall, the game is enjoyable and worth a playthrough (better with friends). I'd say, if you enjoyed Dead Island, get it, and if you haven't played that, go get it too.
In this game I finally managed to achieve each and every one of my life ambitions. And yes, many of those ambitions involved getting that piece of preserved pie in that claw game
This DLC is great! My favourite heist brought to the second game for starters, a fun little melee weapon, a nice enough grenade launcher, free to buyers of the original DLC.. Looking good-- Wait. What's this? No Bodhi's Pool Repair uniforms? I'm sorry, Overkill... You were so close too...
