Awesome little game, not alot of content right now but looking forward to seein g where it goes. Only gripe with it is the inability to see the buildings etc inside a tower you've built
This is honestly the best tactical shooter i have ever played.
Amazing game! Plenty of content updates, large maps and fluid controls. Love it!Update: Glad that it's finally launched into open beta, cant wait for everyone to get to try it out!
Awesome game but after todays update it stutters worse than steven hawking runs
The alpha of H1Z1 was off to a very rocky start, the game was absolutely riddled with bugs rendering it almost unplayable, and to make it worse we found out that while SOE had said that the only buyable objects would be cosmetic, we later found out that this was not the case. Every person on the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ server with a couple of bucks to spare was calling in an air drop, giving them guns, tools and food, so that they would have a major advantage over the competition. But luckily those days are far behind us, thanks to one of the best alpha development teams I have ever experienced. They listen to what everyone in the community says, most bugs are fixed within a day of them being reported, and the rest they choose to keep working on, full bore, until they are fixed. And I must say, thank god they fixed the air drops. Air drops are now easily able to be seen by whoever is in your corner of the map, the range in which they are dropped is far greater, meaning that as opposed to you buy an air drop and you get it, you are instead having to compete with a barrage of other players for your prize, and finally the drop rate of things like guns and other weapons in an air drop has been dramatically reduced, so that they won’t set you to far ahead of the competition. This has all helped to turn the game into a far more playable and enjoyable alpha.If you want to get an idea of what the game might be like then just picture this, Day Z, but made by a far greater team, with superior skill and coding knowledge, who will in turn choose to listen to what their players ask for and fix every bug that crops up. This game is how Day Z should have been, The forest could have been and rust will never be.I must put this out there, this game is the most fun that I have ever had in an alpha, or even a beta for that matter, and I am putting that down to the wonderful team of devs behind it.The animations, though only in alpha, are beautiful and fluid. There is a smooth transaction between different actions, and a polished look to them, normally only seen in finished games. The graphics, while not that bad, could definitely use some texture updates before the final release of the game as they are currently looking a few years behind schedule, but that is only expected in an alpha, and finally I must just put it out there to all you gaming bullet fans, that this is currently the most polished and enjoyable alpha on the steam market, and thanks to some beautiful optimization, it is playable on most average systems. But never fear, if you are currently strapped for cash but wish you could still play the game it will be free to play to the general public upon final release.One thing that I have currently forgotten to mention is the beautiful design of the games ai. Zombies are as dumb as they should be, and not much of a problem alone, but are attracted to things such as sound, meaning if you fire a gun at the wrong moment you could have a pack of as large as fifty zombies hunting you down at once, which can cause quite a problem. The way they have designed and built this ai really impressed me, they act exactly as you would imagine a zombie should, dumb and only a problem in numbers, and this ai design has carried over to other creatures found in the game world, from skittish deers, to ferocious wolves, ready to attack anything in their sight, and terrifying bears, who once locked onto you are probably some of the most dangerous creatures in the game.The combat in this game has been beautifully designed. The actions are smooth, and you are actually able to feel the power as you send a fist flying into a zombie's head, as they send a hand back, flying towards you. The weapons, while in most cases rare, are very powerful, and will give you a huge advantage over the competition. While items such as combat knives and machetes will give you the upper hand in close quarters combat, a bullet from any of the guns can be absolutely devastating, but remember that a gunshot can be heard miles away, so be careful not to attract the horde, or worse another human hungry for your blood.So have I enjoyed H1Z1? In the two short weeks this game has been out it has come so very far. From the buggy pay to win mess it once was, to the beautifully polished and enjoyable alpha it is today I must say that it is hands down the most enjoyable alpha, or even beta, that I have ever played. It has been twenty dollars well spent, and all thanks to the amazing team of helpful and responsive devs creating it. I would strongly advise any of you zombie or survival fans out there to give this work of art a try, and all that I am left to say is that I can honestly not wait for the next big update, and eventually the final release of the game. SOE you have really outdone yourself this time.Check out more reviews and previews at gamingbullet.com
Unplayable at minimum or even recommended specs (playing on low)
Amazing f2p shooter!
