This is by far one of my all time favourite games due to the sheer replayability of this game. Every playthrough is always different in some way, they may go smooth as silk or they can turn to hell in a split second. This game is especially fun when played with friends as you can get up to all kinds of crazy antics, whether it be 'accidental' friendly fire incidents or just simple acts of stupidity. This is a great game, play it!
This is a must have game if you love first person sword fights. Its just so satisfying hearing the sound of flesh being torn by your blade, armor being crushed by a mace or hammer, arrows being planted in knees and most obvious is the decapitation death cam. You get to see what it would look like if your head goes rolling along after you've just been beheaded and that is strangely amusing. Also fisticuffing in a swordfight and winning is always awesome!
Gordon Freeman... Nuff said
Sealing doors tighter than a duck's ♥♥♥ is always fun
If you think the idea of 4 different figurines blasting each other with rifles, shotguns, miniguns and rockets is awesome, customising your figurine to your own tastes is nice and capturing a battery instead of a flag is fun then you should play this game
First think of Dota, with lanes, levels and skills, now think of TF2-like charcters with smart-♥♥♥ jokes and comebacks, now make it a third-person shooter and you got yourself Super Monday Night Combat! If you love these three things then you'll probably love this game too. I highly recommend this game to everyone!
This is probably one of the best Free-To-Play games out there (that I know of anyway). It is a third-person shooter that combines the addictiveness of levelling  and upgrading your gear in MMOs with pretty open parkour capabilities and a set of exoskeleton suits which all vary in playstyle and appearance. As you would expect in an free-to-play game, you can buy a lot of the stuff, if you want, but to be honest, everything that the game has to offer can be obtained by actually playing the game and items earned that way always feel the best. Such as slowing acquiring the components for a Warframe by constructing them and then combining them and in just 3 days you have yourself a shiny new Warframe, always exciting if I do say so myself. It can also be great fun if you play with friends as anyone can join anyone's game so an experienced player can carry a new player to the ends of the galaxy (literally in this game) and it is always fun flipping all over the places and doing slide kills (even though it may be a little impractical).
