I thought the first game was the peak. the expansion Winter Assault was good but is short length hurt it quite a bit.(I am also a die-hard 40k fan, so I am also a little bias in the review, you have been warned)This game however far out-classes all before it (and to an extent after it). The addition of two new playable factions, those being the Tau (Space commies with Mech suits and angry rooster people) and my personal favorite faction in all of 40k, The Necrons (Spooky scary skeleton robots), of course all the previous factions return with a new unit or two (Imperial guard get weapon teams, Chaos now lets you turn your lord into a daemon prince, etc)This game also adds a new between-battle map screen where you can upgrade your commader, train an honor guard, reniforce captured provinces and, of course, attack your enemy. Most of the battles are just basic multiplayer style skirmishs against the computer (with the exception of some missions that give you a space port or a daemons fury) but, in the heart of the enemy lines, there is a more mission based level, much like the previous games, that if you can conquer, that faction will be removed from the game, an you'll most likly get a wargear out of it too.Out of all the 40k games I have played, this is probably the best and most lore faithful (with the exception of the necron/human mix the Parias, they're gone now), sure it plays nothing like the table-top game, but lets be honest here. If it did play like 40k table top, the game would be alot slower and several hundred dollars more costly (But no less awsome)8.5/10
It has Force Commander Boreale, 40,000/10!!!!Alright This game has many merits to stand on beyond an Astartes Commander with a speech problem.The game uses Dark Crusade-'s formula of Risk-ish province attack, defense and Commander upgrades for the space between skirmish battles, with more important Faction Strongholds and bonus missions being spread about the map. The difference? Instead of just being a landmass, the battle map is an ENTIRE DAMN SOLAR SYSTEM.The Expansion also adds two new Factions. Namely the Dark Eldar (Fallen Eldar slavers) and the SIsters of battles (Space Nuns with power armour). Both of these new factions have their quirks, with the Dark Eldar gaining a reasource for their special abilites from haresting their foes Corpses, and the Sisters Gaining both power and faith the more of a specific building you have.However, removeing those new races the expansion is basicly the same as dark crusade but with two new races and over many planets instead of just one. The game only has one other merit of note. That being the new unit-'s Voice workIT IS SO BAD AND I LOVE IT. As i mentioned at the start of this review, the Space Marine Boreale-'s voice actor has a bit of an accent with makes his speech so damn funny (Bhatal Bruvas, Spess Marhens, Steal Rein!). The game also spawned Chaos Lord Carron, as-well his meme worthy response to the space marines use of Rhino armoured transports, below is a transcript.-Look! RHINOS *Inhale* RHINOS! OUR ENEMYS HIDE IN METAL BOXES THE COWARDS, THE FOOLS!!! *Deep inhale* We shall take away their metal boxes!-7.5/10
>flirted with an aeroplane10/10
Imagine that you are shooting yourself out of a cannon at a wall endlessly until you or the wall blows apart.Dark souls is like that but sometimes some random Joe stabs you in the spine before you shoot yourself out of said cannon.Also the first enemy you see is  some demon 3.5 times your size (In both height and width).11/10 would git gud again
