10/10 Best charlie horse simulator 2222.
Hey remember that one shooter that was fun but wasnt really the best.. No? of course you dont that is because there really never was a Planetside 1.. well if there is and I just dont know of it that is probably because people just dont speak of it... So Im gunna go ahead and review Planetside 2 like this. Imagine that one really fun game you played with your friends on Teamfortress except 10 TIMES THE GRAPHICS, THE PEOPLE, AND THE CHAOS. Yeah thats right you cant go walking in this game without being beheaded within like a minute! Because all the tryhard Infiltrators (definitely not me... ok fine me) are there ready for you but what is really funny is somehow NONE OF THIS ruins the experience, after many updates and I guess just growth of the game it has changed into a really popular faction based shooter that a lot of people play. Heil Terran. 9/10
No No No No No No No. Last year I spent 60 dollars worth of steam cash on this bad egg to the series and regret it. BATMAN-'S ROCKSTEADY GAME SERIES IS AWESOME OK BUT ARKHAM ORIGINS (the third one) IS MADE MAINLY BY WB. Not only this but the traveling is strictly limited to on food or gliding wich to be honest makes you -Fall with style- not glide.But this does not mean the previous games were bad. 6/10 maybe I will give number 4 a try
Half-life 2 is a big game so I-'m not going to review episode 1 and 2 in seperate reviews. Lets keep this simple. Anyways, Half-life 2 is said to be -the best game ever for PC- by some people but I really have mixed feelings about the source engine (half-lifes game engine). Dont get me wrong the source engine is great because it holds games like Fistfull of Frags and other indie games along with valves famous Team Fortress 2.. So hopefully you-'re on the same page as me, what I-'m trying to say is HL2 doesn-'t apeal to me on the source engine here is why: the console gives access to cheats wich really is tempting, the game gives me a headache because each puzzle in a chapter is made by over 30 MAPS! (A lot of loading) and the puzzle physics get very annoying because lets just say this game may be dated from 2006 but I have seen better that released BEFORE HL2.But lets get serious... this is valve-'s main game give it a try. JUST BECAUSE I DONT LIKE IT DOES NOT MEAN YOU WONT EITHER. 7/10 Maybe someday I-'ll buy the third one and go through hl2.
Metal gear games have amazing graphics,fighting styles, and best of all cutscenes. The cutscenes in metal gear (any metal gear game) are astounding and feel like a movie. Now obviously thats not why its good, the main reason is the fact that you play 7 lengthy missions as Raiden a bonafied, samurai, cyborg and you fight all kinds of bosses from a girl with 6 8 hands to a giant UG (Play MG to know what UG's are)
Never buy this on 360. THE ABSOLUTE BEST THING ABOUT THIS GAME IS THE MODS. And second of all this is a valve game so buy it.
Best Asthma simulator 2014 11/10
