Now don't get me wrong, I love this game a lot. It started out as this ambitious little title that spawned from a simple mod in Roblox of all things, to now being a widely played, charming game that gained numerous fans and a good community. It has been great to follow along with the creator of the game and watch it evolve into a poor mans dayz, while maintaining a very good aspect of fun and survival. But much to my and many other peoples dismay, some recent updates to the game have been a little troubling. What I am mainly talking about is the inclusion of new zombie types, which is very reminiscent of special infected from left 4 dead. Now this is not a bad thing, a bit of challenge and variety in the ways of enemies is great and very entertaining, but that is where the good parts of the update end. In my experience, being a bambi on a new or even long played server is tough, as the persistent threat of bandits and zombies is a constant looming hazard, and without gear or teammates to aid you, you are likely to die very quickly. Thankfully, the zombies were easy to fight off and bandits were semi-easy to avoid, but with the inclusion of these dangerous new zombie types it has made things for bambi's in particular, and even game-smart and geared players, so much harder. The Mega zombie which is usually a zombie people avoid like the plague due to his incredible stength and close to one shot kills, is now able to almost kill you instantly FROM A DISTANCE with a hunk of thrown concrete, because apparently the mega zombie wasnt powerful enough. Then there is the fire zombie, which when killed explodes in fire, making melee combat near impossible, spreads to other zombies which in turn makes them fire zombies also, which means if there is a fire zombie in a horde and you kill it, there will be a giant horde of fore zombies coming towards you. Next is the spitter zombie, which shoots acid at you from a long distance and can kill you very quickly if you are in a gear menu and unawares to his presence. Lastly is the zombies that can turn INVISIBLE and can kill you extremely quickly because you can't see them at all even with the faint purple outline that doesnt help at all. Also there is the fast, quadriped zombie but that can be killed quickly so it isn't as bad. In conclusion, Unturned is an excellent game that I want to keep growing and getting better, but it is currently being hindered by new zombie types that make the game so unnecassarily harder, especially for fresh spawns. Maybe if some of these zombies were removed (which I know is hard process) or maybe nerfed to a reasonable level, it would make the game just a little less difficult. Tl;Dr The new zombies make the game too difficult and need a nerf or removal
