this is the worst flight game i have ever not had the pleasure playing. simply terrible. first of all it seems to be a ios port. secondly the graphics are ♥♥♥♥ poor and you can only change resolution. the ui and menu for the game is weak at best you will always be wonder how to get out or how to get to the shop. the game provides zero help on how to do this. the control system for the game starts out with the arrow key to fly which is really hard to use to i switched into mouse control as soon  as possible. there are also game pad controls but i didnt even bother. the in game missons are way too easy i was squaded up with a random guy who was play the end game missions while i was still ina biplane. it didnt matter because the enemy ai just flys strait at you and fires. there is no crzy dog fights or any thing. the historical point of the game gets thrown out the window when i realised that the first biplane you get has dump fire missiles (im not even joking) .  if you really want a decent flying game that has skill and is still fun dont come looking here just uninstall this and goe get warthunder it does everything way better
I used to have a life...... then factorio happend.My brain is now just hard wired to design effieicent factories.I have now completly lost all feeling for animal life as this game has taught me that purging all life other than my own is the only option.10/10  this game will bring a new generation of humans that want every thing to be efficient
this game is still in dev but it will blow u away the level of emersion when u get killed on your home planet but you narrowly escape to a distant moon and develop your tank armarda and suddenly portal your army in and overwhelm the enemys turrets, nukes and giant bomber squadrens. you gain a sense of satisfaction. this game  still has bugs and im sure that those will be iron out. the games is one of those games you could buy in beta and still get your moneys worth. 10/10
best game must buy
there are plane games there are simulation games and then there are tank games and tank simulation games and then there is war thunder its all of the above in one. you can choose the level of simulation from respawns and infinite ammo to stuck in the cockpit and you must a joystick and there is no ui to help you. the level of simulation in this game can get very intense to the point where every key on your keyboard is linked to a function.  10/10 very good gives a nostelgic feeling is historically accurate. represents flight models and areodynamics very wellA+
this is an awesome game definitly buy it, it will blow your brain to the mun and back literaly
