Bioshock Infinite is absolutely amazing, the shere attention to detail and the gripping story made all the time spent looking in every corner of every random lane and fighting wave after wave of interesting (but occaisionally dull) enemies a blast and had justified the 20+ hours I have spent on this game. I found the story in the beginning a bit slow and uneventful, but the bright and glamorous world made up for that with interesting dialogue, spoken by the people lining the streets and the great showcase of the indoctrination of the people by Father Comstock. As the story/game progresses things change dramatically, throwing in plenty of combat and spicing up the story perfectly.After ruthlessly slaughtering countless numbers of enemies I found the combat got a bit dull, and in a way a bit easy after getting most of the upgrades and new weapons/vigors. The enemies are also a bit on the bland side, since most of them are just a darkish colour and little detail on the uniforms I found my self killing what I thought was the same person over and over again, this was especially prevalent towards the end of the game.The combat incorperates a lot of -'fantasy-' into it, with things like Vigors and more modern guns with a little less realism and less punch. The physics of the weapons felt great too, they were not way too unrealistic but they weren-'t too reaslistic either, which provided a nice blend making those heads look as bigger target as always. If I were to have 1 major complaint about the guns it would be how underpowered some guns can be towards the end of the game, where I ran out of ammo for  my sniper and had only a pistol as a replacement. The pistol been my main weapon at the beginning of the game and could take down enemies in what felt like 1 blow, but the pistol had no such effect when taking down the same enemies later on, making one have to completely spray all their ammo at the opponents head to actually take them down.At the end of the story things get very weird and confusing but when the game ends, most previous events in the game begin to come together, but some do not leading to a lot of confusion and possibly sequels (?). The end left me wanting to play again, so that I can find all those little events that link to the main plot and then giggle, thinking about -how could I have not noticed this before?-This game is one of a small ammount of games that have left me happy and satisfied at the end, and I can definately see myself playing it again sometime in the future. To get a game this great for only $10 was itself amazing. I have seen games that cost a lot more and has been realeased a lot earlier, that are absolutely terrible. Overall I believe Bioshock Infinite to be well worth the time and money, and that Irration games & 2K have done an exellent job, creating what is probably, a masterpiece. I would definately recommend getting this game, and I guarantee (A guarantee? Who has time for all that paperwork?)  you will have fun!  I give it a 10/10
