I'm sorry, but this isn't acceptable. I'm a loyal fan, but you've pushed me over the ♥♥♥♥ing edge, Overkill. You promised no microtransactions. We're rallying to not play payday, to teach the devs a lesson. We've overloaded crime.net, we can reverse that trend.Don't get it for the free weekend. It was a great game that spiraled into a ♥♥♥♥♥torm.
What-'s that? You want to become the most Badass mercenary out there? Well, well, I have just the thing for YOU, dear small hireling. This game, Borderlands 2.Borderlands 2 is a shoot-em-up loot-em-up kind of game. If you want to be successful, you gotta scavenge for new guns constantly. Otherwise, well, how are you going to defeat Handsome Jack if you can-'t take on a single psycho?Oh right, speaking of Handsome Jack, you-'re needed to defeat that guy. Long story short, he-'s a ♥♥♥♥ who wants to open the VERY same Vault you intend to open. He runs Hyperion, is merciless, yada yada yada, but you-'re going to give him one, and by one I mean a bullet to the face. The story is excellent.But you may be asking, -Portable Toaster, oh bringer of news, do I need to have good graphics card or serious humour? What if I have a crude sense of joking?- Hahah, welcome home, friend. The game runs surprisingly smooth for what it-'s worth, and as for the humour, if you enjoy laughing at a blindsided robot falling off a cliff, a maniac exclaiming that he has a finger pizza for you or anything along those lines, you-'re needed here in Borderlands 2.Onto who you-'ll actually be! Whether you choose to be an ex-army Commando, a mystical Siren, a strongman Gunzerker, a number, a schoolgirl Mechromancer or Meat Bicycle Man, you-'re going to have a ton of fun. As long as you have a friend, good times are to be had for sure!But then you go on, -Portable Toaster, do I look like the guy who-'d have friends?- Oh. Uh. Well, you can play solo, I guess. I-'ll just put this out there, though, I was given control of the vehicle by my friend and as soon as he got in, I ran off a cliff accidentally. Honest. But there is fun to be had in Single-Player. Don-'t worry if you have friends who can-'t afford the game, you-'ll still have a blast. But the real fun is with a few silly mates.9.5/10 definite buy.
Played footballl with my dead body's head.9.7/10
