It-'s a really bad sign when the only positive Metacritic user-review was written by the developer.This game is $10 more expensive than Roller Coaster Tycoon 3 and offers NON of the content. You-'re better off just watching the trailer, because that-'s all you really get. The gameplay itself is rather poor and confusing, with no way to predict how visitors will respond to price changes except for a message box that is the info-box equivalent of a broken compass.They only included enough content in this game to fill up the promotional material. This so called -Game- serves no purpose other than to legally steal your hard earned money. DO NOT LET THIS GAME ROB YOU!
Trademark abuse at it's very worst in that this game would have been much better received had it dropped the X-Com label. The game has barely anything to do with the X-Com franchise anyway.The fixed camera angle is a little annoying and you can't choose not to pick up a weapon if you run over it but the game is perfectly serviceable as a budget title. The game does get a little repetitive, though it does have the occasional special objective to spice things up a bit; but I didn't notice because I was having too much fun blowing up aliens!One blemish is the voice acting of the Professor. He's rather annoying and his voice does chime in when ever you're lost (Followed by an arrow which will tell you where you need to go), but ONLY if you get lost so only the most wangsty players will find it an issue.Pros; - Fun - Lots of aliens to shoot, lots of (unique) guns to shoot with - In game help doesn't completely lead the player by the nose - Bug free! (Something you don't see anymore)Cons; - Repetitive - Fixed camera can get annoying at times - Voice Acting is horrible - Quite possibly the ugliest game I've ever seen! - Why is it even called X-Com?My suggestion would be to get this with the X-Com: Complete Pack. Probably not really worth it on it's own.
I have no idea what I'm doing. 10/10
tl;dr Since most of the reviews here are complaining that the game doesn't work. I am obligated to counter that with a positive placeholder review. I usually wait until I am very far into a game before giving an official opinion, so don't bother watching this space.I logged into Uplay before purchasing the game just to make sure the servers hadn't crashed or something. Then I downloaded the game, messed with the settings until I was happy with them, then started the game. It works without issue. No phantom issues with Uplay. No phantom game breaking bugs. It's almost as if there is nothing wrong with the game.If I had to have 2 none-gameplay related complaints it would be 1. Massive Screen-Tearing on intro video, though I have Vsync turned off so that's technically my fault. No option to turn off Volumetric Lighting completely, and no
Pros - Doesn't require a super computer to run - Challenging game-play that doesn't require Superman's reflexes and Batman's intelligence to get past the third level. - Visually pleasing, doesn't rely on hyper-realism - The storyline is decidedly not about people murdering each other in a gory war between good and evilCons - Very weak cliche storyline - There isn't really much time during the actual level to plan what to do and it can quickly devolve into a mindless click fest (Usually to your detriment in later levels) - Somewhat counter intuitive interfaceI rate this 3 moe out of 5 kawaii
Nice to have, but you could easily go without it. I haven't really noticed any real difference between vanilla areas and the areas added in the expansion, honestly. Only get this if you haven't got the game yet, and can afford the gold version, or if you want to complete your game and it comes on sale.TL;DRWhy you should get this = It adds the Capital of Poland (Warsaw) and Hungary to the gameWhy you should NOT get this = Doesn't change the gameplay at all, as far as I can tell, and there is a lot of eastern Europe that is still missing.
Minimum Requirements are bull ♥♥♥♥!I downloaded this game thinking my computer could easily run this game at minimum settings and it runs like a dog (And still looks like a pile of steaming dog ♥♥♥♥ anyway). If the -Minimum Requirements- are anything to go by, they TRIED to make the game runneable on older machines but it fails utterly thanks to horrible optimisation.
Disregard Civilization, aquire Colonization.Seriously, it's a standalone expansion pack, so unless you have an extra 10 bucks and want to give vanila Civ4 a shot I'd just go strait to this one.---If you're familiar with Total War you will NOT be familiar with this. Rather than focusing on your army and it's compossition, placement and what not, Colonization puts in the role of governer, not general. Micromanaging a number of towns and exploiting the new world's natural resources and dealing with those bloody natives, either peacefully or by blowing their brains out with your supior technology. The overarching goal is to declare independance from Europe, but if you fail to complete the goal in time you still get a score victory for your efforts.As for combat, you have an overly simplified % chance of victory. Though you can't actually take an entire town in a single turn like you can in Total War. Conflict lasts over several years. But unlike vanila Civ4 (And here comes one of the biggest preferences to Col over Civ) unit production is quite involved, so you wont end up having a single conflict over a single city last over a few decades or even centuries.So in a nutshell: War game meets Colony Simulator :p
By far, my favorite Total War game in the series. Somewhat bare-boned compared to newer installments, but if want to do away with maintaining sea trade routs and dealing with heritics and witches, and just invade Europe, then I'd recomend taking this game for a spin. :3
