This is a very misunderstood game. Forget the campaigns, forget the multiplayer (sadly), if you're competent with the Arma editor then there is a hell of a lot of fun to be had here. There's an endless amount of possibilites and you can create the scenarios you've always wanted to see in an Eastern Front title. It's more immersive than any of the Arma titles and the maps are incredible.
For those not familiar with what Squad is, it's essentially the new version of Project Reality, which was a BF2 mod back in the day and is now a stand alone title that focuses on realism, patience and teamwork. However the game is quite dated now and has needed a serious upgrade like this for a while.Squad is currently in its Alpha and while it looks much better than PR, it's stripped of a lot of the features that make PR so great, but rest assured these will be coming in the future, i.e vehicles. Even in Alpha, the game is WELL worth the price, you're not going to find a more realistic, team based modern shooter/simulator outside of Arma; but in many ways this is much more accessible than Arma, as you don't need a clan or a good sized party to enjoy the full experience. If you have yourself a good team, who work together and know what they're doing, then you're going to have a lot of fun with the game, however, there are a lot of new players right now who don't know how to play the roles, so some games can get frustrating. (Most players here, as in Project Reality use mics and you're not really going to get by without one, so I recommend you have one before purchase.)DISCLAIMER, this game requires teamwork, communication and patience, you might go an hour without getting a single kill and that's fine, this isn't Battlefield, do not purchase this if you're not familiar with the likes of Arma, Project Reality or Red Orchestra OR if you're not willing to learn. The maps are huge with thousands of possibilities and choices when it comes to strategy and tactics,  the weapons are accurate, sound effects are almost too real, teams work together and you can see some amazing things in this game with a little initiative from squads. the community is friendly, supportive and willing to help always. This is only Alpha and there's so much more to come. But for now, what other game on Steam can let you build a .50 cal position on a mountain top and rain fire on enemies kilometres away while your buddies help you with targeting and adjustments?
Back when it was called Operation Flashpoint and Arma didn't exist, I probably put more tme into this game (obviously outside of Steam) than anything else I've ever played. As far as military sims available to the public went, this was the be all and end all, Ghost Recon x 50. I couldn't believe such a game could exist when I first picked it up. I must have spent thousands of hours in the editor. Of course the Arma games have surpassed this title greatly, but they never matched the feel I got from playing this when I was young, there was always just something about it, it felt completely real. For the price, you can't go wrong.
One of the most amazing and moving experiences I've had in a game in years.
