c:
2016’s first super successful indie game Stardew Valley has hit the steam store with a bang, as of the 9th of March only 2 weeks after its initial release it has sold 425,000 copies for comparison only a handful of games seemed to sell more than a million copies on steam last year. What’s makes this game so good and why is it so talked about? All this and more answered.Stardew Valley is a game that takes place with the death of your grandpa, and you inheriting his farm. This provides a good base for future plot line. You pack your things and move away from the big city to this small village, Pelican town where you start your life as a farmer, with many objectives to complete.Stardew Valley incorporates many very enjoyable gameplay mechanics to earn money such as fishing, mining, farming crops and animals. Aswell as daily quests with need to be fulfilled within a two day time period and permanent quests. Quests reward you with money and friendship between the civilians you complete the quests for, gaining friendship entitles you to access more in the game like being able to visit peoples houses and even receiving exclusive items from those civilians, the backstory for each of the characters is so in depth and well thought out, you will be silly if you don’t shed a tear once or twice. Once you have maximum friendship with a character you can choose to marry them, this also provides benefits such as extra income. The farming is fantastic, you must tend to your crops every day, making sure to water them but then can set up a layout where you can use sprinklers to automatically water them as you progress through the game, specific crops are dedicated to each season and have a set number of day to grow, so you must plan ahead in order to save and make money, The “quality” of the crop is determined by the fertiliser you use and is represented with a silver, gold or no star, gold stared produce obviously sells for a higher price. With animal products such as eggs and milk, machines can be build from resources from mining such as iron bars and stone to construct cheese presses and “mayonnaise makers” that process the animal product and after a short time period produce the product with sell for 3 times the price of the normal animal product, these machines gives you the choice to be patient and wait for the product to maximise in profit or sell immediately and obtain the money quickly.The Fishing mechanic provides a challenging but rewarding experience. Once again specific fish are set to specific seasons, in order to make catching them all trickier the quality mechanic also applies in fishing, but is considered more random since there’s no way to predict the outcome of the quality before the fish is caught, different fishing rods can be used to catch rarer fish and bait can be attached for a higher chance. Mining and combat is a very important aspect to the game. When mining you collect resources to further expand your farming tools and décor. But also allows you to discover rare gems that sell for high prices. New gems and minerals can also be donated to the museum, where for every 10 new gem/mineral you donate you will receive an exclusive reward, whether it be a decorative statue for your home or some rare seeds for your farm. In the mining cave there are levels with various enemies that get harder to kill depending on your skill level so you must work on constructing the best weapon based on your stage in the mines. Every 5 levels down in the mine there is an elevator that you will allow you to get back to where level you left off at, but if you die in the mines you have to start back 5 levels from where you left off and lose 7 items you are holding, this mechanic makes you more aware and cautious of your surroundings and makes you conscious of what items you have and would not want to lose. Every 10 levels there is a new item, that will help you on the following levels, these items can be armour, to improve the number of hits you take or weapons so you can dish out more damage to harder enemies and you progress, upgrading your character as you go. For such a recent game Stardew Valley is absent of any bugs or gamebreaking glitches, unlike most new games in “early access” which is a huge bonus in anyone’s eyes, the music is pleasant to listen to and is programmed to fit the season, and time of the day, the graphics are softly pixelated and easy to look at and the day night cycles are not too fast but not too slow, just perfect for getting everything you planned to do in that day completed.But be warned, you will forget about real world time, and chances are you won't get much sleep.Without a doubt this is my number 1 pick for the best game so far in 2016 BUY THIS GAME!
The Long Dark, Opinion based suggestion list3.4 hours into the game and i have already got a good feel for it, though died recently coz i didn't know what to do when a wolf attacked, The Lake part of the map seems small to me, as i ended up walking across the whole map and ending up back where i spawned in just 4 days! The whole melting snow and boiling water thing is a bit unclear, maybe little pop ups pointing to them and telling you what they doWhen you use a Flare the fire effect on the top hurts to look at, maybe not make fire so large and polygonMore variety of weapons?Maybe increase number of cabins by a little bit, but spread them out across the map, making them unique and a blessing to find, to make them unique perhaps stash different weapons or clothing along with different interior designMore animals, hopefully not too vicious D:Maybe in future updates, expansion of the ''Lake'' map, if not im still planning to sink in more hours into this game :)8/100-Early Access, My kind of game, simple but effective survival, open world, first person game! :D
iz gud
yes
