This game. THIS GAME. You will learn to love it, hate it, despise it and cry over it. Deaths are far too quick to notice where you got shot from. Artillery bombardments make you shake in fear, quiver and panic as you rush frantically to any sort of cover with a roof above your head, only to be blown up mere meters away from safety. Kills are satisfying, requiring patience as a rifleman to ply some of the most awesome kills from afar at unprecedented angles imagined. Have you ever wondered what it's like to shoot at a german stahlhelm slightly sticking out from a trench at over 200 meters from between a broken car's windows? In Red Orchestra 2, you can. When you first start, the game is brutally punishing to you. As a new player, you will die. Treat it like you would treat a boss fight in Dark Souls 2- each death is a learning experience. Soon instead of rushing into a point to secure it, you'll learn to take things slow and have a cautious approach to everything. Cover is essential, but never use the broken cover system. Kills will be far and few in between unless the enemy charges straight on. After putting a few hours into the game, you'll suddenly realize two things: 1. Suddenly, you don't want to be the first to dash between cover. 2. Your aim is steadier under fire. The progression level gives you minimal bonuses that gets better and better the more you play a certain class. For new comers, it is advisable to play as the rifleman class, the most versatile (IMO) class you can choose while not having as much of an impact on a team's potential victory. Get used to bolt action rifles, because those are the most common weapons, but also your most trusthworthy firearm. Of course, the game isn't perfect: Game crashes in between map transitions (for me, at least but I have met a few people suffering from the same issues.) makes for infuriating campaign runs, and rejoining is a pain. Some minor glitches of course (My favourite perhaps was not being able to aim through my M1890 Mosin-Nagant Scope Rifle after dropping from the first floor of a building.) but nothing that detracts from an overall enjoyable (In a slightly masochistic manner) gameplay experience. Well, nothing that can't be solved with a grenade and a suicide.
Ever get bored of promised graphic updates only to be disappointed? Fret not, for Pendragon Rising (And other games from Choice of Games) lets you use your imagination to power their stories. Pendragon Rising is a well written story that urges the reader to quickly come to grasp with the lore of the world, which there is quite a bit to learn on every playthrough. The romance system in the story isn't at all what you've seen in other CoG games, but personally I find it refreshing and a tad bit more relatable. My only complain about the game is how short it can be- it took me roughly 2.5 hours to finish it in my first run, shorter if I hadn't restarted it twice. But it does have high replayability if you're willing to read through some of the other mandatory texts. 
