Now, Before I start on about this game for those of you that straight want if the game is worth to buy, I would say it is.The game is a sequel of the game Metro 2033 and based off the comic book series -Metro-. Compared to the first game, I would say it has improved alot. The first game was extreamly buggy where I spent most of the time googling how to fix this bug and such. This game its simply restart last checkpoint. I loved this game how I was so interested in the story was so great, I just wanted to delve into it more. Although short Campaign, There is side Story Missions which may give a few more hours of play into the expirence.
Faptacular.
As much as I only have 20 hours on this game, There isnt much to talk about. The game is addicting as ♥♥♥♥ and can ruin your life if you dont control it. Its the same game over and over again. Two sides, the same map, same defences and ancients. The sounds, graphics, and game play is just awsome. However, I do find the community to suck alot. I do not have a problem with the Russians but my problem is most of the people who do speak English are the most whiny ♥♥♥ people and report if you dont do as they say. Then theres the unfair system of the penalty pool. The fact that one can get reported with no evidence and suffer longer waiting times and ♥♥♥♥♥ier ♥♥♥♥. In conclusion, I recomend people to play this game with a group of friends, maybe time to time random servers but be careful that this game wont ruin your life.
Its not like other first person shooters, so many diffrent ways to play its inexplanable for all of them, its very fun and addicting. Also its free to play and its community is  huge makes it better, so many with inovative ideas. I may be not so smart but this game is fun.
The game, For me whenever i try to play it (I have reinstalled it many times) When i look around when the game starts, It always crashes, Please fix this issue so that it is at least playable, I have been anticipating for this game for some time and please, Fix this.
