Insurgency is a game about how your team understands the situation, and reacts to it. It's class based gameplay, has little restriction, and can be punishing. Ammo is not a problem, you'll only go through at most 3 mags in a round, and enemies drop primary weapons (you only get what was left in the clip). The game's graphics are suiting, but you can get some stunning moments, and some funny ones. watch the friendly fire, and explosion radiuses, as this is a hyper-realistic anti-terrorist simulator.
First of all, why hasn-'t this been done before, such a simple game, free, and personally, I would pay $25 for it, if not more.Sunrider: Mask of Arcadius, is a turn-based strategy game, with anime-style graphics set in a distant future, humanity reigns supreme over the entire galaxy (and possibly beyond) two major factions are at each others-' throats, but not at war (yet), The Solar Alliance, led by Admiral Grey, the Alliance controls most of the inner colonies, but like any other civilisation, there is much discontent in the civillian masses of the Neutral Rim, where pirates, bandits and marauderers fight with each other, and raid ships, y-'know piratey stuff. On a world, beyond the Alliance-'s reach, a slave boy has grown up, and grown tired of the pirates, slavers and other criminal riff-raff, and forms PACT, an anti-alliance orginisation, hell-bent on taking control of the galaxy so they can help the common man. PACT sounds like a good faction when you look at the job description, but by action, it is clear they are no friend of anyone, not realising, or ignoring their inner-dictator, PACT attacks the neutral world Cera, home to captain Kayto Sheilds, and first officer Ava, who have been entrusted with the hyper-advanced warship, Sunrider.Together with a baker, a wannabe hero, a merc, a girl from another time, a discredited medical officer and a black ops agent (which you don-'t exactly start with any of them with you. The game has -boss fights- where only two of them have unique units, but every mission is strategic challange in itself. Even if you are a seasoned strategy veteran, you will have trouble later even on normal difficulty, and if you feel suicidal, try space whale difficulty.I-'ll forgive the lacking voice acting, and low gameplay-to-storyline ratio, because it was done so well.I couldn-'t help but be reminded of HOTD-'s soundtrack, and Halo-'s story whilst playing Mask of Arcadius, as it has it-'s own character, humour and soul, unlike most of the games we play.If you want a game that will make you laugh, cry, ragequit and do a victory dance (I certainly did all of these), Sunrier: Mask of Arcadius, is your game.Now for Love in Space-'s to do list:-Make an awesome game - Check-Make a sequel - in progress-Make an anime-DLC-(optional) Put a price tag on Mask of Arcadius-Nerf that awakened blackjack. (You-'ll see in the final mission.)
