Before you read this please note that I have been playing this game since I can remember and have only had it on Steam for a short while and don't have much to play now days. This game is awesome! It is the perfect type of strategy game! There are dozens of different types of nationalities to choose from which all have their strengths and weaknesses. I have spent hours of countless fun playing this game. You can play the campaigns and when you have finished them you can play with a friend over LAN or online with random strangers! It randomly generates the maps so you don't have to worry about playing the same old map over and over. All in all I think this game is well worth the money! I give this game a 9/10!! Just cause I don't think any game can be a 10/10 but if a game can be 10/10 then this is the game!
What can I say other than....ONE OF THE BEST GAMES I'VE PLAYED!!!! Yes!! Portal 2 is a great game with a great story line, and once you have finished the main story line then you can play Co-op! Finished the Co-op missions? Well I have a mission for you. Go make a brand new test chamber(s) and publish it/them on the Steam workshop! Huh what did you just say to me!? You got bored with making test chambers!? Well, by this time you will want to play the main story line again, and then the Co-op missions, and then make some more test chambers!!! AND THEN!!!.....REPEAT TILL THE DAY OF YOUR DEATH!!!11/10 Would jump through portals again!!
All I can say is wow. This game messed me up emotionally and not many things do that. Its a great little game with a touching and dramatic story line. Get ready to grab the tissues to wipe away the tears and blow your nose when you get -To the Moon-! I rate it an 8.8 out of 10.
Skyrim is an open world action/adventure game. You can climb the tallest mountains (to a certain point then you can't go any further up), swim across massive lakes, fight dragons, explore dungeons, kill anyone(some poeple just faint then get back up). Basically you are free to do whatever you want, but what you choose to do affects what will happen. Can you forge armor? Make weapons?? You bet you can!Personally I think it is one of the best games I've ever played! I highly recommend it to anyone and everyone!
Haha I have no idea why I'm writing a review for this seeing it is one of the most played games on Steam!...I think..but anyway down to business! This game is a pretty awesome shoot em' up game. There are tons of stuff that you can buy such as hats, better weapons etc etc. All that you have to watch out for is those screaming little kids! SO ANNOYING! But all in all I give this game a 9/10
Great game! Variety of maps and can't get bored with it cause you can verse other people who have different tactics. I highly recommend this game! 2 thumbs up!
