In spite of multiple -fixes- I find myself running what feels like a broken game, in which I will nearly constantly fall through the geometry and have to wait in order to do anything again, even quit, all the while I have had more cases of I was killed despite being in good cover, and it has become more increasingly rare as I level up that I am killed in open combat due to an actual mistake. It is to the point I felt happier playing the beta more than anything else.I have found myself confused as to how to progress, and in spite of being many levels higher of the mission in question at the time of writing this review I have been losing said mission in the last area due to extremely conspicuous bugs resulting in my death or falling through geometry.I cannot speak of the endgame because due to this mission I cannot reach it at all. It is so much I actually feel cheated because the beta was so much more fun to me, especially dark zone in the beta. I know referring to the beta as the better version may be seen as idiotic but it is genuinely how I feel.I cannot under any circumstances reccomend this game. Poor effort guys, poor effort.And even though recently, a few months on I feel co-op is much better, Dark Zone is still a joke.
I have played warframe for much longer now and my feelings about it have vastly improved. Since last reviewing this I have continued to improve and have found myself enjoying the game so much more. Warframe feels like a home, the game I always come back to after playing other games and it always has something to offer me.At this current time I own at least one of every warfame, either primed or non-primed versions, and have enjoyed playing them all. Note that most of my game experience has been had while playing as either Excalibur, Volt Prime or Frost Prime.I feel now that warframe is not only greatly customisable, and still Improving, that I feel I can now specialise myself in different ways. All my loadout slots have a speciality or an archetype. You may say I-'m limiting myself but this is how I choose to play. I said in my original review that there wasn-'t quite enough to specialise in, but I now feel otherwise.Something that feels perfect to me now is Warframe is getting more cinematic and lore friendly quests, mainly beginning with Natah, and I feel as though there is a much better narrative to the game, that while I did not feel it was required, I do love the addition of.The pay model is my favourite thing as it is basically -Pay if you are not patient- as it still seems to me that you can get everything you want, save maybe a few cosmetic items, by just playing the game and knowing where to be and when.To my favourite point about this game, Digital Extremes is still keeping me, personally, hyped. Usually what they add is something that I have been thinking -Warframe would be so cool if it had X- for example the upcoming weapon sheathing customisation. While a small thing to mention it does make me excited for almost every update, the only one letting me down being Sands of Inaros, but following such a big update as The Second Dream this couldn-'t really be avoided.Pros:A great game to play aloneA great game to play with friendsFantastic customisation to warframes and their coloursFun WeaponsFun WarframesEasy enough for new gamersChallenging enough for veteransCons:Conclave can be toxic (I do not blame DE for this one)Dark Sector as they are now, and as it seems they are to becomeNew Warframes appear to be stagnating slightlyOverall I reccomend Warframe to try, while it may take a while to really feel it you will feel like this game is everything you want. It-'s a love it or hate it game I say. Well done DE, well done.
Excellent game. I only just began playing this when a party member in a pathfinder campaign told me about it, saying he was going home to play it. So what did I do? I download the game and behold the world of Neverwinter!PROS: Immersive MMORGPG that may even make you feel as though you stepped into a D&D Campaign. Excellent Gameplay. Levelling feels just right.CONS: May be a little diffcult to learn. Players may be unable to continue if they do not have the initiative to find quests by searching for quest givers.
