Awkwardly bad controls coupled with poor character response rate to button presses (seriously whoever designed the poor jumping mechanics should be shot) makes this one of the least enjoyable side-scrolling adventure games I've ever played. Throw in some middle of the mill voice-acting, cliche' characters and a story not to write home about and you get Deadlight. Also, why the heck can you not kill zombies with your axe? Even after several whacks at a zombie which would've executed it, the thing still gets up and comes for you. What could've been a very atmospheric apocalyptic action side-scroller is ultimately a chore of the game with a bore of a story. Even for the price point, please do yourself a favour and avoid this mediocre piece of garbage. Pros:+ Atmospheric+ Occasionally interesting puzzles+ It tried so hard...Cons:- ...but failed- Poorly implemented game mechanics- Cliche' characters and storyBetter Than: Not trying?Worse Than: Just about every other zombie game out there4.5/10 - POOR: In this highly saturated market where there are plenty of excellent zombie titles, Deadlight attempts but ultimately fails to be ahead of the pack.
While it wont blow away any Deus Ex fan, Mankind Divided remains very much a true sequel to Human Revolution with the exact same gameplay mechanics albeit with improved cover mechanics and new toys thrown in. While technical issues and performance such as stuttering, even on lowered settings, as well as graphical glitches can hinder the experience, if you're looking for more Deus Ex, this is definitely worth a look. Otherwise, if you're new to the franchise, dally with Human Revolution first. + Retains the same great formula with some minor improvements and welcoming new augments+ No more boss battles (sort of)+ More to do- ...retains the same great formula with some minor improvements and welcoming new augments- Technical issues- Story remains convoluted like HR VERDICT: 8.5/10Plays it a little safe but sometimes thats all you need...perhaps we asked for this.
Intense, rewarding, frustrating and ultimately, addictive...XCOM 2 is the bane of my social existance. I should see my doctor about curing my addiction to this game but...just one more round...just one more...GOTY 2016? Very likely. Firaxis has once again instilled gaming addictionitis to the masses. VERDICT: 10/10 - Sorry, cant write anymore, I am going to play more XCOM 2.
The same Bioshock we all love albeit with much improved textures and some minor aethestic changes. Throw in an interesting director's commentary showcase (which needs to be found to be unlocked...a minor niggle), thats pretty much it. Ultimately, while the improved graphics does further hold the game up for 2016, it's nothing to write home about. Unlike the lot of players out there, I for some Godsend reason had ZERO technical hitches with my game (FYI my PC is nowhere beastly like those of the reviewers who had trouble with the game), even on max settings. Framerate is nice and smooth too at over 60fps. I guess its all up to lady luck how well your game will run seeing the overwhelming number of negative feedback by players. However, the biggest sin of Remastered will have to be the complete lack of graphical options tailored for PC gamers. Its a total insult to us as PC gamers and is without a doubt a sign of complete indifference on 2K's part make a decent PC version instead of this lazily produced console port. Ultimately, this didn't bothered my experienced as my game ran perfectly on max settings. Unless you have never played the original Bioshock (you poor sod), then Bioshock Remastered is definitely only worth your time if you're devoid of other titles to occupy your time. However, like me, if its been so many years since you've last played the original and you're looking for another experience of a game to dally with after exhausting all present offering on the market, then yes, dive right in (no pun intended). Afterall, if you're in the majority like myself who own the original game (I have a physical boxed PC copy from 2007 AND Humble Bundle had a 2K bundle a few years back that gave me a second copy on Steam), then you'll get Remastered for free anyway. So why not...would you kindly. + Improved textures, minor aesthetic changes that+ Same great Bioshock experience+ Director's commentary- WTF are the graphical options- Not worth the full-price- Just get the original if you dont have it7/10 - While its the same Bioshock experience with improved graphical pretties, a lazy console port and a complete lack of real extra content makes it hard to recommend at full-price.
Best 15 minutes spent. If you enjoyed The Stanley Parable, you'll love this one. Amusing, delightful and definitely a gem with no price tag. You have to experience it!
Choices and consequences. Loyalty or rebellion. Paragon or renegade. These are the elements that you'll encounter in this simple yet addictive puzzle simulator about your role as a immigration checkpoint officer for an authoritarian dictatorship, coated in a Cold War flavour dressing. In Arstotzka, video game plays you. One of my favourite indie titles of all time. Buy it. Now.
+Tension, ambience and atmosphere+Alien AI +Survival Mode - That long section near the 3/4 mark where the xenomorph is absent and the game becomes Androids: Isolation. - NPC's are stilted and poorly-lip synced- It ends88%The curse of mediocre Alien games has been broken. A brilliant title that does the franchise justice. The hunt is on.
While not as groundbreaking as it predecessors, AoE3 nevertheless retains much of the what made 1 and 2 great while also implementing new features. Beautiful graphics coupled with a brilliant Home Cities system ensure that AoEIII lives up forever to be one of the better RTS titles in recent times. The Asian Dynasties expansion pack was definitely the real gem in this pack. A major letdown was the absence of historial campaigns which were a staple of 1 and 2. While the story campaigns weren't awful, they bordered on mediocrity and at times, childishly cliche' and odd, trying to desperately interwine historical events/characters into its plot. Ultimately, being a hardcore Age of Empires fan and a hardcore veteran of AoE2 & Mythology, AoE3 still captured my interest as an alternate RTS choice outside of my Starcraft/C&C sessions. 8.5/10 (Complete Collection), 8/10 - Vanilla, 7/10 - War Chiefs, 9/10 - Asian Dynasties.
A decent game with well-crafted mechanics let down by a horrid dodging system and some poorly placed checkpoints that can really frustrate. 8/10
Never been a real fan of the franchise but hell this prequel just kicks ♥♥♥! Outstanding presentation, graphics, polish, combat and stealth gameplay & FINALLY after a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ year of crappy stories in games (I am looking esp at you, Mass Effect 3), a grande tour de force of a STORY!Imagine Uncharted with RPG and open world elements all dressed up in one of the best engines Ive seen in a long time. Coupled with excellent voice acting and some of the most intense setpieces Ive seen since Battlefield 3. If you're a Tomb Raider fan, you will be addicted. If you never really got into the old-school TR titles (and the mediocre newer instalments) like me, you will be hooked by this one. This is how you make a game! 10/10BUY THIS GAME! 2013 GOTY contender.
