The game was orginally from the PSP years back and I was sad that it wasn't available in consoles but all those sadness were blown away when I found out they made it to PC. Hopefully they also make the sequels come to PC too and if they do I'll be happy to spent my money and have a wonderful time playing it and progressing for the story.Straight to the point:-The Story is Wonderful and Depressing that shows how traggic war is and there are many more things you have to find out yourself. Drama hits hard on me in the game and the comedy made me laugh out loud (yes it's funny not joking).-Characters are likeable and the development is great, you'll eventually learn more about them; their past, favorite hobby and etc as you progress through the story.-There are different type of weapons that you can use for your different tactics whether it's defensive, Offensive of passively you role with.-Gameplay is impressive and unique for me, even if it's an old game still its really addicting. It's not require for people who are not a fan of turn based game.-I love the graphic, it matches the game really well and even if it's an old Game it doesn't really affect you when you progressly play the game. When the gameplay is good, then the graphic can be aside.-All and all the game for me was exciting and I give it a 10/10 along with the satisfied ending. It put a smile on my face.For the long one:The game is in 1935 C.E., the continent of Europa is dominated by two superpowers: The autocratic East Europan Imperial Alliance in the east and a commonwealth of loosely allied democracies known as the Atlantic Federation in the west. The economies of both powers depend on a precious multipurpose mineral called Ragnite. Its growing scarcity results in the Empire declaring war on the Federation, sparking the Second Europan War.The Empire uses its military superiority to quickly put the Federation on the defensive. Emboldened by their progress and momentum, the Empire decides to invade the neutral Principality of Gallia to seize its rich Ragnite deposits. (Go check Wiki or somethin to know more)The story was wonderful and depressing. We all know how war works all around the world, those who fight to protect or for hatred and ended Alive with a future or deceased without a future. While playing Valkyria Chronicles, you'll experience how traggic war can be (Well it is always), how power is the key to victory but yet some chose to fight naturally. People will do whatever it takes, even using ancient power for that sweet victory (It's the same as real life if one of the powerful leaders found something powerful to use it to rule the world) Then that's where Squad 7 comes in and prove that victory can be achieve naturally with tactics that can lead you to that victory.In the game you'll be controlling the Squad 7 and in command of 8-10 Units on the battefield and their Lieutenant; Welkin Gunther who rides a badass tank in the game. Each skirmish works differently and it lefts you thinking on how to plan your tactics carefully without making mistakes and not end up with your units being killed by raining bullets or really annoying RNG hitting you everywhere or in other words, you luck is on your side or not. Though it doesn't hurt to learn from your mistakes and refresh your mind into a new tactic that can achieve your victory. I re-runed alot of missions due to some flaws and RNG but then eventually I did achieve that sweet Victory (pleasurable)There are five classes that works differently with their own personal specialty.-Scout; scout the areas to locate your enemies and can go behind enemy lines.-Shocktrooper; storm enemies with their smg and gun them all down. (This class is my favorite amongs all)-Lancer; the tough guys with the big lance that can shread some armor.-Engineer; who repairs obstacles or vehicles and replenish ammo for your squad.-Sniper; headshot, headshot and more headshot.Now moving on to the characters.Personally I love the Characters, each one of them except Mexamilalin (I don't how to spell his name). Welkin Gunther is my most Favorite character in the game along side with Alicia, Rosie, Largo, Zaka and Isara (Most fav heroin). From the Start i didn't have any interested in the characters but eventually after knowing their, hobby,  past and passion, I grew deeply in love with them. Not saying only towards the Main Characters, even the secondary characters have their own personality that can effect in the battlefield and their very own description. There are some DLCs that involves some of the characters from the unit selection like Edy's Detachment (I like Edy too :3) Each character have their own personality and there are advantages and disavantages depending on the battlefield you are in. Some don't like to be lonely, some like to be alone, some like these terrain and etc.PS. Salveria is Hot.Weapons,Upgrading your units and progressing through the story lets you unlock more upgrades that can increase the power,accuracy or adding effects to your weapons, same goes with increasing your units hitpoint, def and unlocking some orders and pottentials. There are 3 types for the Bolt Action rifle, SMG and Sniper; Power, Range or Adding effects, it all depends on how you plan your tactics. I always been so eager to unlock more upgrades so I can upgrade my units to become more powerful and have an easy win in battles. I got nothing else to say about weapons since that's all.Graphic,Graphic doesn't bother me,I love it actually; it matches the game and story. it's an old game back in 2008 so what you expect? I can be very picky sometimes to graphics but if the gameplay is netter then the Graphic of the game can be aside. However I love the designs of the characters, outfit and military plus the castles and stuff.Not a good review but I have to say that I Love the game and it put a smile on my face at the end. So10/10
