It seems that what they call a 'next-gen' F1 game is releasing an empty game with stripped out features and a glitchy mess.Pros:The graphics are a decent step up and runs mostly smooth on my PC.The handling model and traction feel a lot better than 2014.The new menus are a nice step up from the plain old ones.The sound is improved compared to 2014.Inclusion of the 2014 season.Cons:It is quite clear that some graphics though were given more polish than others. The cars look nice and the night tracks have great lighting but the character models still look last-gen.Not a major con but the commentary can sound pretty forced at times.The AI is a lot more challenging which is good but at times they don't seem to acknowledge your exsistence and are happy to cut you off, clip your tyre and block you on your qualifying lap.I can live with not being able to put my name in on career mode but it seems that all depth has been taken out and just feels like a glorified quick race mode.As someone who does simracing, the force-feedback was pretty lackluster on my G27 wheel.Various graphical and HUD glitches. (Anyone want to race against floating sets of tyres?)I didn't even bother with online but from what I've heard it's pretty broken.I was hoping for big things jumping into next-gen but this feels like an empty and lackluster experience. Probably rushed out to make a quick buck and as the only official F1 game, this is unacceptable. It's not horrible but is slightly above average at best. I wanted to like this game but I couldn't get much out of it. You're better off with F1 2013 which I still consider the best out of Codemaster's F1 lineup.
If someone ever asks me, -Are video games art?- I would show them this game. This has definitely been one of my best gaming experiences of 2015... Actually scratch that. One of my best gaming experiences of all-time. There-'s something about these indie games that are free from the corperate bulls**t. You get the sense that there was a lot of freedom and love put into this creation. Pros + I can not express how much I love the hand-drawn art style. The colours, the lines, they seem so fluent with eachother and provide a great environment to play in.+ A fantastic soundtrack which really adds to the atmosphere of the various locations you visit throughout your journey. + Satisfying and fluent combat with a variety of attacks and combos.+ Most of the voice actors did a great job in getting me invested into the story and the dialogue is mostly well done.+ The well-crafted full anime cutscenes featured towards the end did a great job of setting up and establishing the scene.+ Adequate length of just over 10 hours to complete the main quest on second hardest difficulty and even more if you want to 100% this game.+ A variety of different items you can craft and use to upgrade Fidget and Dust.  Cons - While enemies did have different strategies to use against you towards the end, a bit more during the main adventure would have made the game a bit more challenging.- Sometimes a little bit repetitive which could be solved through more different enemy types.I almost now feel guilty for buying this during the Thanksgiving sale for $3. This mostly solo creation is an absolute masterpiece of game design and is one of those rare pure gems you can find on Steam. I want more! There is so much more potential with this universe. If a sequel is ever completed, I won-'t hesitate to throw my money at the screen. I highly reccommend this game to fans of old-school sidescroller action-RPG games. This is one of those games you  have  to play.
