Really enjoyed it, great mix of action + story and some really impressive set pieces and boss fights. The hit detection and destruction on the robots themselves when getting shot never got old.Only gripe is some of the controls were a little clunky, oh and for some reason whenever you had a section of your team mates talking, you for some reason lost the ability to run, you could only walk. At one point they were talking and running ahead while I was left walking trying to catch up. Design oversight maybe?Anyways I would give it a 8/10. Anyone who's a fan of 3rd person action or science fiction in general should give it a crack.
Simply fantastic game. At first it appears to be a fairly basic game at first, but it quickly turns out to be quite deep, with countless strategic options to stay alive. I actually found it a little hard at first and took me a few lives to even make it to my first winter, but once you get the hang of things it gets much easier. Also the developers are continuing to release free updates for the game, with a new caves setting incoming in just a few days time. At $15 this is an absolute steal, and I've already had more hours of fun from this than most AAA releases over the last few years. Highly recommended.
The 'Souls games have quickly become my favourite game series of the last 10 years or so. I find them to be so expertly crafted and as corny as it sounds I think they're all instant classics. I have never felt so much frustration and satisfaction all at the same time as I do when playing these games. That feeling of being up against seemingly impossible odds, getting your ♥♥♥♥ kicked over and over, only to finally overcome your enemy and see victory, is just too sweet to describe. It's all very addictive and probably one of the bigger reasons as to why the series is so loved.Dark Souls for PC to be fair is a bit of a crappy port, but nothing that a few quick mods can't fix. I only wish Demon's Souls was available on PC too, but as that is a Sony owned IP (much like Bloodborne) we will likely never see a PC port happen.If you're a fan of action RPG's with precise combat, with online coop and a dark mysterious world to explore, then I totally recommend you give this game a shot. It can also be found pretty cheap now during most sales.
Brilliant game. Improved on just about everything from the 2nd game. Totally recommend for anyone who is a fan of action games with a healthy dose of steam and open world gameplay.
