This game is super fun, I played it with two guys in the same clan as me and it's really enjoyable. It's a very original idea and it can be really challenging. It has very simple graphics but in later bombs alarms will go off and the lights will flicker just making it harder. If you want to see some gameplay go and check out this video https://youtu.be/EzXc_C0jKNMI would give this game a 9/10 it's great with friends and even just being the dude reading is super fun and challenging.
Great game, just wish I had someone to do the co op with :(
This is a really great game, I got it about a week ago and I love all of it. But I would recommend buying it from here {LINK REMOVED}cdkeys.com.au/products/Call-of-Duty%3A-Black-Ops-II-Standard.html since it's only $30, you may have to wait 1 hour to about a day but for the sort of saving I think it's worth it.
Emily Wants To Play is a FPS Horror game... It's full of jump scares and if you're a ♥♥♥♥♥ like me the monsters are ♥♥♥♥ing dolls that scare the ♥♥♥♥ out of me well before they even start doing ♥♥♥♥!From the short time I've played it so far before I basically had to go watch the happiest thing I could find, I think that goes to show how scary this game is... I think I would give it a 10/10 for horror and a 8/10 for how much fun I had :DI've heard this game is like fnaf which sadly I cannot clarify on as I've never in my life played a fnaf gam. I do have a video  Here which you can watch to see if it is or isn't like fnaf or if it's something you would like to play.Wallf :D
I'm really enjoying the game. But let me get something straight, this game just isn't for everyone. It's hard, people kill you, monsters kill you either way someone will probably loot your corpse and take all your stuff. I really enjoy it like that. Also I don't think you can get a house unless you sub. But I really don't think that it is that bad. Look at World of Warcraft, They have the same cost subscription but you also have to spend alot just buying the game for somethng that repetitive. My stat side of the reviewGraphics 6/10. It's better than Half Life but not as good as Half Life 2 graphics.Gameplay 9/10. It plays alot like Mount & Blade and there is just so much freedom.Community 8/10. Only thing that annoys me about the community are the people who ♥♥♥♥♥ about it, Like I said it doesn't suit everyone, if you don't like it don't ♥♥♥♥♥ about it to everyone who likes it just log off and go play something else.Crafting 7/10. I like the crafting but I think it can look a little hard when you first start.Overall I give this game 8/10
This game is insanly fun. I'm not normally into platformers but this game is really enjoyable.It has a really great sound track full of nice calming songs to such fun colourful game. INK can also get extremly challenging at times but what's the fun of a platformer if it doesn't challenge you!The basic idea behind it of the invisible levels that don't show up until you walk on them or double jump which spray's out ink which covers the solid parts, is not only an interesting and fun idea. It's also an idea that I personally haven't seen in a game before.If you would like to see some gameplay go  Here  and look at a video that I made of it :
Just one more click...Just one more click...Just one more click...Just one more click...Just one more click...Just one more click...Oh look at that I got an angle...Just one more click...Just one more click...Just one more click...Just one more click...Just one more click...Oh look at that I've got over 50 hours in a game like this...Honestly it's not the funnest game but it's very addictive if you are one of those sorts of people like me.I don't know how to rate this game, so I give it Addictive/10 haha
Really great game.Overall I really love this game it works well and I like working to get new stuff so it works well for me. Here are some Pros and Cons.Pros:Lots to doFun Movement and combatLooks greatStory isn't a big aspect to the gameGreat CommunityFun to unlock new itemsConsIt can be repetitive due to how much grinding you have to do to unlock itemsCan sometimes bug outDoesn't update in steam instead in its own launcherStory isn't very deep
Great game, fast paced action.
