Gage Ninja pack is it worth 4.99 ? (spoilers: Gimic fun wait for sales)now fair warning your not missing out on much not getting this but before we start yelling screaming cursing and naming names let-'s look at the arguements for most weaponsfree poison for wester wear woo! :)Gage is back win!range weaponsPistol crossbowPro-'s: Bad ♥♥♥ vanhellsing explosive, poison additionsstylish reload and something new for stealth funhigh concelCon-'s:western pack does the crossbow as a bow much better 25 max ammo with explosive no pickups (stick to the judge masterfug-'s)half the ammo of the bow minus the 9 second regain ammo trick? (still no ammo pickups guys)fire rate ehhh? use this as a hit and run and hope the damage is enough on deathwishfun but not practicalNo pistol skills! don-'t be fooled by the name -pistol bow- it may as well be an rpgLebensauger .308pro-'s:highest concelment sniper beating the nagant by 4 points at 18 concelpraised as the best low damage sniperpracticalcon-'s: nothing overly different hereKross Vertex(sorry i don-'t have much comment)pro-'s: stylishcon-'s: SMG thrown and melee:Shuriken throwing starpro-'s: stun chance no instant kill of everything in the room or stealth failfun to use poison = damage over time (good for grinder builds)con-'s:not all that practicaltrouble aiming (guess shots with no crosshair-'s)(not very damaging unless buffed with kritz)melee:Kunai Knife is good for grinders with the poison may stun 2the rest are flashy and your common meleecosmedictic-'s and modscosmedictic-'s look kinda coolmods are very limited + 1 - 1 sort of thingachivement diffcult: easy but funnow i can-'t recommend this as a must have but i can-'t deni it-'s kinda nifty and funi defiently had a laugh and will use the kuni for my grinder and mess with the remaining stuff when i want to goof about with my mates but all and all it-'s just not worth the recommendationsorry guys :/
Should you buy this game? Got a dollar and a half an hour to kill?why the hell not?
I thought i'd seen it all when i washed up on shipwreck i was very wrongwhen i first saw shipwreck i had a touch of Skepticism towards it sinking a good amount of hourswith the base game and it's expansions but as i started my first few hours sailing i found nothing butpleasent surprises breathing a bit of fresh salty air back into the day to day some of your experience from past don't starve expolarations carry over granted like to know what you need in a campsite but alot of it doesn't for example what will sastain said campsite?!sea weed tastingmonkey poo dodgingand thousand snakes of run the other way!beee what yee expect with this new expansion and it's defeintly not to be left sailing by
unless your commited to playing the full game from start to finsh in 1 setting without closing the game don't buy this get it on another media device the pc port deletes your save file every time you enter the game
new concept ? checkcars? checkopen world? checkthunderpoon? check check and checkcue the halarious bugs!mad max is an experience not to be missed even if there is ocassionally breakdancing warboy in the sand it's something you don't see every day so if your tired of your usual bread and butter pick this up the best part is the options menu will allow you to play this game on almost anything i'm missing half the graphic's specs to run this game at above 100 frames with a pretty enviroment thank the dev's for sure
