Literally, the. most. underrated. zombie. survival. games. EVER! Sure I might not have many hours on this, but thats because i bought it ages ago, and it was crap at the start. I know people usually aren't giving new Zombie Survival games a second look, but this isn't new it's been around for a while. It performs better then DayZ, looks better, and is so much more fun! This game is still being worked on and updated, im subscribed to Entrada Interactive on YouTube and you can see how far it has come!I highly recommend this game. Especially right now while it's on sale, grab it quick for $10.00 off!
This game is way better than i expected i got it today and pretty much havent got off it
Bought for Survival..Stayed for Battle Royale.Fun to do stuff in Battle Royale, Survival Mode was to easy. after 2 days of playing, i had a full base and 3 cars and a bunch of guns. Hadn't died. Wasn't hard enough. Got bored after that!Would recommend for people who like the Battle Royale, about 240 hours of my hours atm 250 are Battle Royale. Could play it all night with friends!
haha. this is one memey game
Game was unplayable, that was the only issue I had with DayZ. But since 0.60 the game has moved to a new engine with DirectX 11 support and I must say the majority of my hours in this game are from yesterday! This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. Brings a real zombie like survival feel, unlike the others I've played, H1Z1: Just Survive, Rust: Legacy, Infestation: Survivor Stories... ect...
Great game, just takes a little getting use to... I don't get why people hate it, it is a great game there might have been some bugs and glitches at launch well lets face it there was a lot but they are working on it not every game is going to be perfect when it is made... in time the game will be awesome and hopefully everyone is willing to buy the game for the cheap price it sells for already.... so in other words i reckon the game is worth it and everyone who loves zombie survival games should buy it!
This ♥♥♥♥ is dank af
