This game is absolutely phenominal! The graphics are quite impressive for an Alpha stage game and system for crafting is something that would be utilized in the real world in such a scenario (besides the killer tribal clans, even though that is true too). Look out Bear Grills, you got a bit of competition from a video game XDDefinitely worth buying and playing with headphones.
So straight up. It's good.Couple of things wrong with it are the simple bugs and stuff, like the hostile NPC's pathing when you get on a roof top. The dragon (Kur) is kinda a ♥♥♥♥ when he is always on you if you get a little too close to the tower. (seriously, took me 30 mins to gt him away from me after dying 10 times)Good side; crafting is very easy, no need for rare crafting benches or anything. The only rare things are the items to collect for crafting into weapons and armor, but of course, is the fun side of it, the satisfaction of when you grind the land for hours to finally get that last item to make OP gear.For an early game, it's quite enjoyable. It's fun and with the the ability to play along side friends, in such an early game, it's pretty awesome. Seeing this to become a fully completed game would be really good. (expecting some really good graphics and items in the long run)Not for all people, but it's worth a look.
ermahgerd! it's jsut amazin'!
BRUTAL, BLOOD-BATH, PSYCHOTIC, MERCILESS FUN! What is there not to love about slaughtering other people in an area in under 20 minutes while collecting things, upgrading, and robbing peoples drops?this is the type of game many people, like myself, have been waiting on. Yes, it's similar to H1Z1 BR, Hunger Games, KotH from Rust. but, I don't give a ♥♥♥♥. This game really is fun.Play strategically with traps n ♥♥♥♥. Be a marauding psychopath with knives, swords, guns n ♥♥♥♥. Be an assassin from long range with a bow or rifle n ♥♥♥♥.The game is perfectly balanced and is definitely worth the hype it got. Ten ouda Ten.But, please hurry with more servers. Playing to NA is an absolute buzzkill to the training many people have commited in bot games.
Zombies simulator. Parkour simulator. Running simulator. Errand boy simulator... That's like, four simulator's in one. What more could you want?
*This game is amazing with the many difficulty settings on the style of play.*It makes you want to play it.*It fills you with determination.
Good things: Vivid, retro, tilt material.Bad: Music is repetitive and has one of the worst possible notation I have ever heard. Wall jumping is like watching a person with dislocated knees and ankles, sprites are very... idle and unsettling, like that of a Java game on the internet. sprite designs are unique but lazily done. Also, everything about the intro. Never heard of I Wanna Be The Guy huh? Or I Wanna Be The Boshy? The only way this makes you tilt, is the disappointing work done.Not really reccomended. A little more time and effort may have made a better outcome and strea/YouTube material, but overal, a disappointing fail.
Honestly, from the whole genre of horror survival, this game breaches just over the barrier. Sadly, for me, this game goes completely opposite. The atmosphere and structure is completely fine. Just one of the main issues is, that this game left out one of the main important features: sustainability.No need to worry about sanity, tinder boxes, oil or laudanum. As the lantern is electrical, you heal like Wolverine, got no brain to become insane and tinder boxes? the hell are those?Only the atmosphere and the setting really put me on edge, but everything else could have been impoved like for instance; charging up the lantern, sanity and a possible health system.It's sort of fun, only if you haven't played the first Amnesia game. If you have, then this game is completely different and really killed my hype for thi game, a real disappointment.
