One of the best sims/RTS's of all time up there with master of orion 2. Rarely any bugs (for me at least). One problem is the lack of online activity although I do play LAN and single player most of the time. Graphics are medicore although they have to be with some of the larger maps/battles (It starts getting crazy huge). Warning this game has a large learning curve when you start, best to play some offline single player matches on small maps then work your way up (disable pirates too). Titans make gameplay interesting. Although if you allready own Sins Trinity i would hold off untill there is a sale because you do not get that much more, if you never owned sins then go for it :P.
Well as I’m sure most of you have read, do not buy this game if you do not like PVP or you are not very patient.As for the game itself it is rather basic atm. Loot spawns in predefined areas. The map is rather small (smaller then dayz easily). There is a lot of grinding to get later tier items or to build large bases unless you raid a lot. Most of the guns can be hard to handle (That is why i prefer the pistols and bolt action). My advice to new players is to find a server that has a low pop, the closer to zero the better. Then you can learn about the other parts of the game. Also a well hidden base is better than a bigger base any day. Everyone can break down even the mightiest fort given enough time (spent 12 hours once breaking down a castle with grenades). Also google an online map and get used to it. Also take note of loot spawns and areas that have a high resource density.Wooden buildings decay much faster than metal and are easier to break into. When you want to build you have to craft foundations onto which you place pillars (4 in each corner depending on design). You can then place a ceiling on it (on which you can place more pillars since it also acts as a floor) place walls, windows, doorways in-between or place a stairwell in it. It takes a lot of resources to build big buildings as well, and then you have to maintain them on top of that.Animals also tend to spawn near loot areas but you can find some scattered around the map. They are a great source of food and i have never had to go hungry past my first 3 days so actual survival is not that important if you do all right at the start. Once you get to high levels you will start to get bored and either want to raid/pvp or build a big base. After that though there is not too much you can do besides raiding and collecting airdrops.Graphics are okay, buggy but it is in alpha. Sound is okay, gunshots sound nice but might need tweaking. Explosions need tweaking. Not to many glitches and i have had no crashes my self. Netcode seems fine, heaps of servers with little lag.Basically dont get this if you hate games like Nether and dayz (unless you find a nice helpfull server) or you dont understand what alpha is and have a short attention span. I have had fun with it but it has reached a point where there is nothing new for me to do appart from kill people.  Atm probs not worth $20 for what content you actually get but it will be interesting how they expand this and could be worth more then that in the future.
Killing floor is a wave based zombie shooter with 8 different types of zombies/mutants and a player limit of 6 or so (many more on modded servers though). Game play is basic you pick a perk (Demolitions (grenade launchers and my fav), Support (shotgun and welder), Sharpshooter (pistols and rifles), Berserker (Melee weapons), Pyro (flame based weapons), Medic (Obvious), Commando (Assault rifles). You can purchase weapons of any class at the end of a wave at a trader which is open for a variable amount of time based on settings. In addition to your weapons every class has a medic gun and a welder (both work only at melee range) but their effectiveness is based on your perk. You can weld certain doors and gates closed letting you hold off the horde that little while longer. Guns sound awesome, a decent variety for each class. You are limited by a weight limit for how many weapons you can carry though (not by slots). The base game has quite a few maps including a couple of objective maps as well as a few sandbox settings and difficulty levels. The base game is quite fun for the first few weeks but starts to get samey/grindy which is why i HIGHLY recommend to play on a modded server. There is also a lot of things on the workshop page (especially modded maps) which i also recommend checking out too. The workshop is why i kept playing from 30 hours onward. The game also has holiday orientated events (Halloween redneck zombies, evil Santa)Graphics are okay (game is a couple of years old) and it is very gory with no geo block :D. Which is why the demo class is so fun XD. Sounds are pretty good, guns feel nice (especially the 9mm). Maps vary from open, outdoors, corridors, small e.c.t so there is a lot of variety there. That about sums up KF, its simple but fun. I would recommend it (especially on sale), it also is still receiving updates. (Don't think i forgot anything).
Wow, been a while since i played this. I remember playing this on the playstation and it kicking my ♥♥♥ XD. Compared to Doom this is far superior (i still love doom though), crouching, jumping, swimming and some basic stealth elements (use crouch, c, to sneak up on enemies then punch (equip by pressing 1) them in the back of the head for a insta kill (haven't tried it later stages though since with the later weapons you basically forget about this). Controls are you basic dos era shooter, c crouch, spacebar jump, e interact, number keys to select weapons. WARNING there is NO manual vertical aiming (which is VERY common for games of that era) instead there is a auto aim akin to doom although it is not very pronounced for standard horizontal aiming. This has not been remastered so the graphics are OLD but since i play a lot of DOS games i don’t mind it myself. The locations are interesting and diverse (heck even the sewage level was fun for me :P). To find some secrets requires a little bit of platforming (can get annoying sometimes due once again to no vertical mouse movement) and puzzle solving but nothing that is really annoying. Also since it is a old game it can get quite difficult, just be prepared for the later levels which can get quite hard fast. I’m running 64 bit windows and no problems with dos box so far.Pros:More movement then your standard Doom clone, crouching, jumping, basic swimming.Diverse levels and settings. Although the textures are similar, diverse level design makes this a absolute joy to play.Difficulty, it starts off REALLLLLLLLY easy but gets hard quick, since there are few gameplay elements this works in its favour keeping it interesting.You get to shoot mouse droids :D (if you can hit the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s :P)Awesome weapons (break through armour and skulls alike with your punch! (warning not recommended against higher tier enemies :P), your standard star wars thermal detonators, a funny looking rocket launcher.Dialog is nice, I didn't really pay much attention though.Cons:Graphics ARE REALLLLY old, so in your own view that could be good or bad. I would have liked at least effort to make look better since it is on steam now.Gameplay might get hard for some of you, and some of the puzzles might get frustrating (stuck on one level where you had to get through a door near a conveyer belt, answer was kinda obvious once i solved it but it took ages to figure it out).Sounds are not actually that bad although still reallly old so that might affect some of you.Requires DOSBOX to run (comes pre-configured and ready to go though just launch the game through steam) so some of you might have issues with it (64 bit windows 8.1 seems to run fine though)Will most likely edit this after finishing the last few levels. If you love Doom style games you will love this.Edit: Just heard of a mod/standalone called dark forces extended, going to check it out, looks promising. Adds vertical mouse support, fixes bugs and maybe better graphics.'Nother edit: Check this link out for people that are having trouble with controls and other things, also conatins the manual in the actuall posts (also a link there if needed  i think):http://forums.steampowered.com/forums/showthread.php?t=2150564
