Super Hexagon is a fun but frustrating game that is guaranteed to test your reflexes. The game includes 6 levels. Now I now you might think you'll finish the game right away, but trust me, I've played for about one and a half hours and I still haven't finished the first level (but one day). In general Super Hexagon is a challenging, fast-paced game that will have you concentrating so hard that you'll feel as if you're brain will just suddenly explode into a flaming ball of fire!So if you want a game that will give you many, many hours of concentration and dizziness, this game is perfect for you.
When I say this I mean it...GOAT SIMULATOR IS THE BEST GAME IN THE ENTIRE WORLD!!!Goat Simulator is a game which I don't think needs that much explanation. The game is an all-around mayhem machine which gives the player freedom and laughter. This is actually the most random game I have ever played.I woud recommend this game to every single person I know. This game makes flying giraffes, exploding goats, and freefalling ostriches a part of everyday life. Although the bug count is infinitely high, they contributed to the games' hilarity and the players enjoyment.If you don't have this game yet, GET IT NOW!!!I have never had this much fun in a game before.I give this game a 10/10
Assassins Creed II is a great game with a gripping storyline and exellent mechanics that really do make you feel like a classic awesome assassin. This game is so much fun to play. The game has the ability to grab you and take you into a world full of assassins and betrayal. This game is excellent but there are a couple of downsides. The tutorials are next to pointless. It is impossible to instantly know which button to press when it tells you to because they don't tell you which key to press, just a symbol representing it, which I found irritating and pointless. I also believe that this game really should've included Steam achievments and trading cards. There is something about some games that when you complete a difficult challenge or play for a couple of hours you feel you deserver some sort of reward to sow your friends your acomplishments. But maybe that's just me. Apart from these setbacks, I am thoroughly enjoying this game and I cannot wait to find out what happens next.
Saints Row IV is the best game I've ever played! Although the story can be a little bit repetitive, this game gives you the power to do whatever you want. Whether that's using the force to pick people up and throw them to the moon, going on an alien killing rampage with a giant d*ldo bat or simply flying around the alien infested simulation of Steelport. As the game progress' you unlock more super-powers that make you feel like even more of a badass than you were before. This game is my favourite game of all time.
OMG! Saints Row the Third is crazy awesome. This game makes old homeless people going on a d*ldo bat rampage completely normal. In Saints Row, you almost have the ability to do whatever you want. Whether thats jumping off a skyscraper naked, beating up a cop with a d*ldo, or just trolling your friends in online co-op!This game is absolutely amazing!
Garry's Mod is an awesome sandbox which gives you the ability to do anything like slingshot cars across the sky, ragdoll Payday 2 members around or attach Deadpool to your car and drive of a cliff (just a couple of the things I've done)! If you don't have this game yet, you're missing out on so much.This game is AWESOME!
Game Dev Tycoon is a truly satisfying and enjoyable game which has taken away countless hours of my life (no regrets). This game centres around you, a beginning game develpoer during the start of video games. You start to build up your company until you have either grown a massively successful game company or gone completely bankrupt.The game has you make games and see how critics and the public react to your game. If all goes well, you will earn money. If they hate the game, then you won't be profiting to much from that particular game. When you get a perfect 10/10 game, it is the greatest feeling in the world.The only downside is if you have a series of unsuccessful games and you go bankrupt, which makes you either start over or go back to when you first moved into a new building (A feature of the game).All in all I think this game is a great game which is almost impossible to master and is a great strategy game filled with satisfaction and enjoyment.9.5/10
Hitman: Absolution is a fantastically fun game which makes you feel like a stealthy murdering ninja in a suit, and I don't know what could make you feel like a bigger badass than playing as the infamous Hitman. Although everyone is saying that this game isn't worth the price because it doesn't count as a Hitman game, I bought it anyway and I'm very happy with my decision. I don't understand what all of the fuss is over this game. It's still Hitman. Bald badass going in like a ninja to eliminate his target in style. Just because the game took a different approach doesn't mean the series has been ruined. The features to this game give you the feeling that if you bring out your infamous silenced Silverballers, it's impossible for you to miss the head of your target! The game gives you a great amount of creativity on how to eliminate you targets. You could choke him when no-one's looking, make the kill look like an accident, or just go all-out shooting everyone in sight. Overall this game is a brilliant game with excellent mechanics that make you feel like the invisable ghost you are.
BIT.TRIP FATE is a game that honestly made me really angry that I paid $1 for this game. Even though I got this game while it was on sale I still cannot begin to describe how this game irritated me. First off, the game is ever so pointless making you feel like every second you spend playing it is just time you'll never get back. Two, the game looks lousy. I've played many pixel games that I've enjoyed but the pixelation was done so badly that I couldn't even tell what was going on. Overall, I found this game nothing more than a pain. If this game ever goes on sale, STAY AS FAR AWAY AS POSSIBLE!
