DayZ truly has some beautiful moments:I was captured by bandits with green clothes, luckily for me I also had green clothes and so did my new friend that I was captured with. A man with a black shirt came along and recieved a bullet to the heart because he was not wearing green. I was offered a chance to join their crew but I refused because I didnt have the time for their initiation because my friend was waiting for me at the airfield. I declined the offer to join them in their quest to find people they could force to be their friends and was shot because of this.Another moment was when my friend and I were camping inside a yellow house by a petrol station, we were freezing our arses off during the cold Chernaurussian night when I suddenly saw a massage come up in the corner of of my screen, it read -I AM HYPOTHERMIC,- I proceeded to remove all of my items so that my friend could axe me in the head and thanks to one of the many bugs I could respawn naked under a nearby bridge just to run back and regain my items. He began swinging his axe back and forth, he hit my chest, shoulders, legs and just about everything before my character finally died.People speak about DayZ being full off ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bandits but there are also kind souls out there. My companion and I had just been resting in a nearby bus stop to wait out the rain when we came across a fellow survivor. I proceeded to punch him in the head because I was bleeding and needed rags and he so kindly after being hit many many times gave me the rags I needed to live. We became friends with this survivor named Frost and he continued to assist us in future endeavours such as when we were cold he would find us a jacket, when we were hungry he would give us spaghetti and even when we needed to blow off steam he would suffice as a human punching bag. Truly, DayZ is a game of beauty.In conclusion I think that DayZ is worth your money if you really want to experience what friendship truly means. ♥♥♥♥ING GET IT ♥♥♥♥ZZZ YEAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH 10/10
well, the music is ♥♥♥♥ing terrifying ♥♥♥♥
This game makes me ♥♥♥♥ whenever I think of it!
