-First run on expansion -Goes onto treasure room-Sees new button-Presses button-Spans Super Envy-Dies10/10 would curiosity killed the cat again
I remember having such a blast with this game a little over a year ago. I discovered it on my phone and liked it so much I bought it again on steam. It was fast paced and every class was very fun. I come back to it now and I am left utterly confused at why the developers ruined this game. The simplicity of the gameplay also gave it a great charm and replay value, while the difficulty of the game was fair and pushed me to to better as a player. Now it is litterally all a grind and for a unfulfilling game. There are loads of reviews with hundreds of hours played that go into every reason this game is now bad that makes me feel really bad for the whole community. All I have to say is 'If it aint broke, don't fix it'. I wish I had said this about one year ago.If there is any way of getting the older version of this game I am down for it.
Wow were do I start. This game is amazing. It has beutiful artwork, awesome soundtrack and a fun diverse gameplay. This game is not a pay2win game either. It has a campign for each which is great for noobies tring to see which race playstyle is the best and also rewarding by givind, cards, xp and even a starter deck. It of course has a balanced pvp or player vs bots with more feaures to come. One of my favourite things is the draft system. It seems so balanced but fun at the same time. The game does how some problems like inability to zoom in on cards sometimes and images not loading, but i can and will forgive it because of it being just released. One of my new favourite games, I cant wait to see what more Infinity Wars brings!p.s, I love the Gabe card :D
Got high on berries and ran over Gordon Ramsay.Game of the year people, 11/10.
This game has to be one of the most fun F2P game i have ever played. It's got fun gameplay and some of the funniest dialouge. Definitely a hit. It also goes to show how great games can come out of Steams early access program. Thumbs Up.
DC Universe Online is a great MMORPG. All the familiar characters and locations of the DC comics is great. The Best thing in my opinion is the massive character creator. With so many options, you'll spend hours creatin like me.
