Graphics-t9A beautifully rendered world, extremely satisfying levels of destruction, grand animations, and an easy to understand interface. Battlefield: Bad Company 2 has it all.Gameplay-t9At times, it feels like there are some frustrating balance issues. But those are few and far between. Bad Company 2 is a fantastic game to pick up and go to town with. You'll find glee in causing buildings to crumble around you, planting that charge of C4 on a tank and blowing it up, nailing that perfect headshot from across the map. However, where Bad Company 2 really shines is when you log on with some friends and get coordinated. Communicate and work together to outgun, outflank, and outdo the enemy team.Story-t4I'll be honest with you. If you are playing Battlefield games for the story, you're going to be really, really disappointed. While there is a storymode here, it honestly isn't worth much of your time except as a glorified tutorial. The characters do give a few good laughs though.Multiplayer-t10As mentioned earlier, Bad Company 2 really shines when you play with friends, but even alone you're going to have a blast with this one. Hours and hours of fun and destruction await you, with several different modes of multiplayer available to choose from. Be warned though, if you join up this late in the game you're going to face some very, very good long-time players.Replayability-t9You're going to keep coming back to this one. The peak of the Battlefield series so far, it never gets old racing out of a building as it crumbles around you, covering your team on a withdrawal from an overrun area, or being at the front of a charge to capture a point. Don't miss out on one of the most enjoyable Battlefield experiences yet. The only struggle here is that most your friends will probably have moved on to the new battlefields.Overall9.2/10Though not as popular as it once was (due to the new battlefields) Bad Company 2 still stands at the top of the Battlefield mountain. The Frostbite engine really shines in this iteration. Multiplayer is fast-paced, brutal, and spectacularly fun. Don't like those trees? Mow them down with your LMG. Don't like that building? Blow it up. Your team being overrun? Call in an artillery strike and give them some relief. All in all, an absolute must have for any Battlefield fan.
I'm not sure I've found a better hack'n'slash game better than Darksiders II.And I'm not sure that I ever will.The game has an infinite amount of wonderful things about it. The music is absolutely flawless. From Jesper Kyd, the guy who has brought the Borderlands' franchise flawless soundtrack, comes in with a mighty roar and comes crashing in with a spectacular soundtrack for Darksiders II.The landscape and visuals are absolutely stunning - everything looks incredible, and well put together. When wandering around in the free and open world, you'll often find yourself pausing for a moment to admire the extravagant scenery and monsterous buildings around you.The combat system is near perfect. The combos you can amass with the combined power of your wrath abilities, make for some godlike attacks. The ability to wield a primary weapon along side a secondary weapon is a nice touch to the combat system, and allowing you to pull off massive chain attacks when using both weapons at nearly the same time is nothing but creating pure chaos.The bosses in the game are huge, and some aren't that easy at all to take down. They'll provide a hefty challenge if you cross one on your path.The puzzle aspect of the game is also very intriguing - sometimes you'll be stuck in one area for a while trying to find the piece you need to complete the puzzle when it's often starting you in the face. Some of the puzzles are more intricate than others, and some are a walk in the park. The game's story is astounding, and it's worth it to pay attention to some of the dialogue. The cutscenes look great and don't get in your way while playing. A flawless game with stunning visuals and excellent gameplay - if you don't yet own this game, you're missing out
ayy lmao! first off, what is this game? This isn't cod. No, son, this game is country-steak: sauce and yes, it's a dank deal, m8, tescos finest said so.First time playin, you're gonna get mega rekt and question yourself, ''how do i quickscope''. If you're feeling down like the little fedora-wearing skrublord that you are, why not get your nooby ♥♥♥ popped with a hard-craft, mint-condition packet of Doritos and to cool off your edgy_skillz with some mountain dew and don't forget to even add in the inaudible dubstep that just adds passion and flare to your gaming euphoria-induced experience. if you repeat all of these actions, you just might have the chance to receive a FaZe clan application, son, how does that sound and where'd you find this? you'll be the face of the MLG jubilee. skrubs and hackers alike will all be rekt by your hands, and may just in fact denote you as a cheeky Illuminati representation or possibly even a ♥♥♥♥ing stupid camper. as you can see, you're definitely around the corner from a notorious OpTiC application and a B&Q. by the way, check out my mate, derrick on youtube, if he reaches 20 subs, he'll do a dank giveaway. but if you don't, I'm afraid you will be eaten by the spooky scary skeletons and brought down to the depths of an aldi's public urinal.This game has many different servers of I don't ♥♥♥♥ing know. so, be sure to check them out mate or not, I don't give a damn. But please, do not ever lie to me about this game, if you're caught hacking, lose all your weed and fedora and get a VAC ban, it's your fault, u bellend. And on a related note, be careful of hackers, not only are they noobs, but they will definitely steal your fresh swag and obey cap in the process.make sure that there are no snipars creeping behind you, so you can easily deck them in their 'eads, with your mighty 360 no handscope pimp slap, as you're followed by the blinding lense flare. the mechanics, noscopes, hardscopes and of course, the precious quickscopes are so amazing, that it'll leave you screaming, ''mum, get the camera!'' with joy, enthusiasm and adrenaline, as you easily hook em' all in their puny little gabbers. you'll be the star with inevitable saying, ''watch this lads'' followed by only the kills a COD global elite sniper could pull off. with every euphoric game that passes by, be sure to treat yourself to a quick blaze of a dank spliff, right around 4:20pm, with a small giggle, ''gg lads no re'' never leave it as ''sample text'' As it will only just make them more edgy and beg them for your dank rank as well as your steam login. ♥♥♥♥ing hackers, don't talk ♥♥♥♥ to me online, or ill ban you, my dad works for colgate toothpaste.btw did i mention this game is gr8? xDDthis was brought to you by tesco's everyday value tomato soup, with special thanks to kelloggs' cereal for the weed flakes to help me write this review. they're so gr8 m8, only 20p each xdddddlol asda tried to bribe me to not write my reviews what a packet of hob-knobs xddddd
Dynasty Warriors is an hack and slash game thriller. From the graphics of the heroes and the weapons to the awesome music, there is nothing more you can ask for in DW 8. It is really a one of a kind type of game because you cannot find any games similiar to DW because DW is more of an open game mode where you can move everywhere and do pretty much anything you want compared to Total War where you actually hve space restrictions and the atmostphere is not top-notch. Overall, Dynasty Warriors 8 is such a  good hack and slash game that I am not really sure how Koei can keep releasing DW games.
Dark Crusade was probably my favorite RTS throughout my college years. While my friends were busy playing Starcraft, commanding the forces of Terrans, Protoss, and Zerg, I was busy fighting wars in the 41st Millennium, taking on foes ten times my greater and defeating them with honor and earning glory. This was also the version of Warhammer 40K's Dawn of War series that got me into modding, giving me a sweet, sweet taste of what the penultimate prize of Modding experience would be promised to me upon getting Soulstorm.If you've ever gotten the previous two, Dawn of War and Winter Assault, you'd know gameplay-wise that nothing's really changed. However, with the addition of two new factions; the popular Necrons and the mysteriuos Tau Empire; and new units for all other factions (including Grey Knights for the Blood Ravens, which remains my favorite unit choice to this day), it definitely shines in front of its predecessors. That, and with an awesome campaign where you can play not just one but all seven factions, promising continuous replayability even after you've beaten the campaign once...there's nothing here that's not to like.I'd be a fool not to recommend Dark Crusade. Any RTS player would be a fool to deny that this game stood the test of time. Stop reading the review, fork out some cash or grab that debit/credit card, and get the sodding game. The best part about it all is that the multiplayer options are compatible with all versions and are standalone, so you only need one game to have fun. I recommend giving it a go, it's worth it. Let's keep this game alive. For the Emperor
Saints Row: The Third. I thought it was a very good game. The thing that got me the most was the comical humor. The costumes and wardrobes, to the sexual references and balancing dead bodies with exaggerated weapon effects. I found this game to be a LOT beter compared to Saints Row and Saints Row II. If follows the time line, which is always a plus. The amount of things you can do, in my opinion, is much more and better than GTA. GTA is more on a serious note, which is good; Saints Row: The Third has some serious moments, but knows how to offer a laugh and good time with a balance.The Story Line is pretty simple and basic, but not as generic as you would expect. You have a mixture of things, from saving your Homies, to fighting Gangs, Police, Military, Politicians, Zombies and Aliens. The gangs, especially one in particular are trying to take turf. What kind of gang isn't? The Genki line I found the most fun. It's basically like a game show arena. You fight your wat through enemies as well as the environments. It's definitely rewarding in the end, but not as much as it should be. In the end, you begin to gather forces for a take over. A bloody, deadly and annoying battle takes place.The Combat System was very fun. Shooting duel pistols at enemies and watching them fly across the street. The Genki Mobile went shoots flames around all sides of the car as you drive, leaving a flaming inferno of destruction in your path. Falling from a disintergrating plane and shooting people as you fall with style. Fighting in wrestling rings with other gang members. Or you can do it with classic style by running them over with your cars and going on a shooting rampage. Some people may frown on it, but it is only a game after all. It could even relieve some frustrations.Didn't have much of an Online Experience. It's pretty difficult to find others willing to play or willing to stay. So, unless you have a friend to play this with, I would recommend that more. At least if you want the achievements that go with this.
Thirty minutes into Saints Row IV and you’ve shot our way through a military base before disarming a nuclear bomb in flight, winning the hearts of the nation and the presidency of the USA. You’ve signed off on a cure for cancer or ended world hunger, and fended off aliens from a turret gun on the White House lawn. It’s immediately clear that Saints Row has finally abandoned any of the pretence at gritty underworld realism that was so at odds with the slapstick of previous games in the series. This is the game that finally provides an appropriate thematic context for Saints Row’s mechanics, one that sees the Steelport Saints emerge from Grand Theft Auto’s shadow once and for all.In Saint's Row IV, you once again take on the role of the leader of the Saints, a now globally recognised gang. After a series of events culminating in you riding a nuclear missile through the air to attempt to disarm it before it reaches Washington (don’t ask), it isn’t long before you become President of the United States yourself (of course). The good times don’t last long though, as humanity’s worst fears are realised when an evil alien race known as the Zin invades Earth. You and the other members of the Saints are held hostage in a simulated version of Steelport. With the help of your hacker friends Kinzie and Matt, and combat backup from the rest of the crew - including Vice President Keith David - you must disrupt the system enough to break free and hopefully save the human race. The Matrix came out fourteen years ago, and it’s getting to the stage that movies get to when you hear yourself saying “What do you mean you’ve never seen The Matrix?”, and then think to yourself “...oh I’m getting old”. However, as one of the most important films in its genre, you can forgive Saints Row IV for making quite so many references to it. Everything from “finding an exit”, down to diving into the very bodies of enemies and destroying them from within gets a mention. The pop culture references don’t stop there either, in fact I’m sure the rest of this review could be composed simply of the names of games, films and television shows Saints Row IV leans on. Some of them might seem a little outdated, maybe intentionally so, but if you just take everything the game throws at you as it comes, you’re certain to have a much better experience. Although it is a simulation, you will be familiar with Steelport if you played the previous game. The landscape is much the same, with most of the old locations in the same place. It is noticeably different though, with a liberal scattering of alien hardware, and a lack of sky and water. Since this world is simulated, the laws of the universe can be bent and broken. You now have what can only be described as super powers. Super sprint allows you to travel faster than any car ever could, and combined with Super Jump you can clear multiple city blocks in a matter of seconds. You have a limited stamina bar, but it isn’t long before you upgrade your powers and it becomes irrelevant. At this point you can leap around to your heart’s content. The movement in this game is stupidly fun to control, making the usually boring matter of getting to your next quest location a joyous exercise. Your powers also stretch to you being able to shoot out fire and ice from your hands, smashing down into the ground with great force, and even letting you move objects, and people, around with telekinesis.The combat still holds up well too. In addition to all the weaponry from the previous game, you have access to all kinds of alien tech. The Dubstep Gun, The Singularity Gun and the Inflato-Ray are some of the most amusing, and most satisfying things to use in any recent video game. As before, you will still be upgrading your character as you play through the game using Cache, which accumulates by performing pretty much any action in Steelport. Mayhem missions return, where you cause as much damage as possible in the time limit. Insurance Fraud has you playing in traffic to generate money. Instead of car racing, you will be racing using your super jump and sprint. You will be hacking shops in a minigame which is a slightly altered version of Pipeline. These side activities provide a distraction from the main quest line, but none of them are particularly worth spending too much time on. In fact it is the most basic of video game concepts that ends up being the best thing to do in your downtime. Collecting Clusters, found on rooftops and walls throughout Steelport, allows you to upgrade your special powers. Since the platforming is so good, it almost becomes a compulsion to head straight towards a Cluster when you see it. The main story missions are where Saints Row IV shines. The writing is top notch, although you will definitely want to have played at least Saints Row The Third to appreciate a lot of the referential jokes. The game is filled with laugh out loud moments, not only from the dialogue, but often even just from the very situations you find yourself in. Each of your crew members has their own Loyalty Mission, which grants them superpowers of their own upon completion. These are side missions worth doing, while other quests in the game aren’t really necessary unless you’re going for all of the achievements. The main missions alone will take you a decent amount of time, and to complete everything in the game will take up to around twenty hours, especially if you want to get Gold in all of the challenges. I have mixed feelings on the way the game looks. I wasn’t a big fan of the dark and gloomy visuals of the simulation, but the way every texture shimmers every now and then as the computer program occasionally slows up is pretty cool. The frame rate remained pretty constant, even when it seemed like the entire screen was exploding, or when I was running at hundreds of miles per hour through city streets leaving a trail of destruction in my wake. The only time it occasionally hitched was during an autosave, but it was barely noticeable. The customisations are as deep as ever, and still allow you to look pretty much however you want, as well as bringing in a “Nolan North” option for your character’s voice.Overall Saints Row IV is a marvellously enjoyable game, while still suffering from a few of the complaints that the series has always had. The main quests are great, and although the side missions are not painful to play, they don’t pack the same punch. If you played and enjoyed Saints Row The Third, then picking up this sequel is a must. Equally if you’re looking for a game that lets you act like a badass with special powers, this might be a better superhero game than many others that are actually billed as such
My favourite thing about this game is it’s captivating story. With a lot of humour, this game pulls off an action shooter with RPG aspects and a storyline you should follow. There are lots of sidequests that will take hours to complete, but the benefits of completing this game are well worth the time. With millions of different guns, a lot of different character skins and a unique experience with all the various classes, this game has hours of fun built straight in.The game will be fun no matter which class you play, but that’s not entirely due to the class. I found that most of the classes really lack something to keep you interested in, and throughout the whole game it feels like more attention was given to certain classes over others. Story-wise, the siren is pretty much the only class that gets any attention and backstory, as an individual with a history and as a class with abilities. All of the classes have a slight amount of backstory that becomes obvious throughout the game, but Siren has significantly more, and even then it’s very little.Beyond that, the entertainment value of playing as certain classes over others was very noticeable to me. I played as all the classes, including the 2 DLC classes, and some of the abilities and skill trees and other class-specific aspects were lacking for a bunch of the classes. Some things that were common for all of the classes were that there are certain skill trees that seem obviously better than other ones and significantly simpler to think about, making them seem more attractive, and all of the classes lack enough in-game backstory to really get a feel for them. With all these classes, it comes down to a matter of opinion, what sort of playstyle you like and other such things, but I’ve found that there are some that are distinctly more enjoyable than others.I think if there were more random Echo Recorders placed around the maps with a bunch of stories about the characters, with more information on them the game could be a lot more interesting. Throughout my playing of the game, I found a couple about Maya (the siren), one about Zer0 (the assassin/ghost) and nothing about any other character. That’s always been something that annoyed me. The stories of the characters may exist somewhere, but if they do, they are probably too hard to find.In terms of story, I loved this game. There was a hint of humour in just about every interaction you had with the other characters, and the story overall was very captivating and kept me playing. I think the end-game was a bit lacking and didn’t completely match up with the story, but it was still interesting and I don’t regret playing this game through at all. The side quests in this game were very extensive, and easily one of my favourite aspects of the game. Some sidequests are very tedious and boring, but others are absolutely a blast, like those given to you by Tiny Tina (pun intended ;) ).The replayability of this game isn’t infinite, it does get boring to play through the same parts over and over again in this game, but that doesn’t mean you can’t play it more than once at all. Replaying the game in True Vault Hunter Mode, a difficulty increase that allows you to replay the game using your already powerful character, can still be quite fun. The difficulty of the game overall becomes harder while maintaining the same story with no new additions aside from more powerful guns.The playstyle in this game is very different from that of most other shooters. In Borderlands, you don’t really need to conserve any ammo and you can run around, jump and do a bunch of other crazy things while still attacking enemies. This makes the game more casual and relaxed, which I found to be pretty enjoyable. You very rarely run out of ammo, with all the excessive boxes with tons of different types of ammunition and the cheap price at which you can buy ammo in shops. That brings me to my next point, which is the excess of money in this game. There is very rarely an opportunity where spending money makes much sense or is beneficial, with ammo being really cheap and not really affecting your money and most of the items in shops being pretty bad compared to the ones you can get outside from drops. I know a lot of people enjoy using the slot machines at Moxxi’s bar, but I never found it that entertaining when it for the most part doesn’t get me anything decent. Pretty much the only point of collecting money is to get the badass ranks.The whole badass system is something I really like in Borderlands. Being able to slightly upgrade your character in about every way imaginable pretty awesome. Slowly, you’ll amass badass ranks by completing these missions, the more difficult missions resulting in more badass ranks, and for every 25 badass ranks you’ll get 1 badass token which can be used to upgrade one of the 5 stats presented. I really like the additional content that this adds to the game.Personally, I far prefer playing this game with other people. I don’t like playing very many games alone, and even if I’m playing a singleplayer game, I like to be talking to other people at the same time. I find it a lot more enjoyable, and the same thing applies to this game. I’ve never played this game without other people simply because every moment allows for a lot more laughing and interaction when you’re doing it with other people. If I had played through this game alone, I might have noticed some interesting bits of humour, but I never would have started laughing hysterically at some glitchy motion or funny joke. The enjoyment is multiplied by a lot when playing this game with other people.Something I noticed is that everyone plays this game differently. Personally, I like to play it patiently, doing all the sidequests, and being sure I’m making the right decisions with my skill points and gun choices. When I play Borderlands, I also like to play for as long of a period as possible. Of course I know nothing is that big of a deal, but I like being patient with this game and spending time on everything because I like feeling that I’m making the right decisions. Some of the people I have played with like to speed through the game and skip any extra content and make the easiest decisions possible. I think it’s important to play with people that have at least a similar mindset to you so that you aren’t being forced to play in a way that you aren’t entirely comfortable with.Warning: Slight spoilers in following paragraph. Reader discretion is advised.The final boss of the game really irked me. There was a whole obsession with how it was summoned using a siren and the key, both of which are very eridium oriented. The final boss used a lot of fiery attacks and swam in the pools of lava that surrounded the boss fight. I think it would have made a lot more sense if they were pools of molten eridium or something, with the boss spewing out eridium, or at least something purple, rather than fire. This game also has some really amazing individual lines. They are scared all throughout the game, but easily my favourite is the line that Scooter says when you meet him in Sanctuary. I’ve probably ruined the rewatching of that line several times when replaying the game with friends, through my inability to repeat the line properly and because I keep on trying.Overall, this game can easily be worth $20 depending on how much you play it and how much you enjoy it. I’d recommend getting it on sale simply because I’ve seen it go on sale reasonably often, for at least 66% off, but the game is also getting older and the Pre-Sequel (another game in this series, taking place between the first and second games) did come out recently. Quite simply, I love the amount of humour in this game, it’s a fun game to sink plenty of time into, and probably one of my top 10 all time games because of how much of a blast I had with it.
My hours. help.I wrote something for real!These hours are legit, I played this game a lot in the past to avoid some tragic stuff in real life. I was young and didn't really have my gaming consoles anymore because of my brothers and I had a really bad pc, which i still own. TF2 was one of the games i could play pretty well on this pc but with horrid graphics, but it was one of the more fun games I installed. I met some real cool and nice people on this game as well as people who i plan to keep by my side. The community back then was more humble compared to nowadays. You have competitive gamers who spam their bind keys with unfunny/gross jokes and very obnoxious people who are either yelling at you or telling you to do specific things to win the game. When really, it doesn't even matter if you win or lose. However, you also have those people who are really awesome and you may meet some nice friends along the way! Although you never know what kinda person you're going to meet on this game. In my honest opinion, if you want to have a game to just waste time on (and money) or just mess around with people you know (which is what I do now), this is perfect. Esspecially the mann vs. machine co-op. I mainly play that now. Although to me, the game lost its touch, update wise, and I moved onto other games. I believe it's worth a shot to try it out but other than that, I'd keep it as a casual game. I don't think the competitive scene is worth getting into anymore because it's being flooded by crude people. Atleast from my experiance after over about 4+ years of playing it just got worse and worse. You will eventually be tied into drama even if you try to avoid it. You'll be more stressed than actually having fun, I'll tell you that!Although in all seriousness, this game is losing its touch and probably isn't worth making it your main game MAINLY because the updates they've been releasing are becoming very dull and not as great as they used to be. BUT, it's a great game to just play to pass the time and have fun! All you'll really notice nowdays is...people really love to trade more than actually play. Living off as a free to play would be very tough and you'd need to be patient with items you would want, unless you got that MONEY! Hope this helps.One last thing, I am not saying this game is bad in any way. I am saying that it's worth trying and playing with friends, or even meeting people! Although there are some downsides that you won't like, such as some stuff I pointed out above. Strictly towards the community. I personally think you should have this game as a side game rather than your come home to play sorta thing. Have it as a once in a while game, because it's nothing to be big about, unless you really do not like most of the millions of other games out there. Just give it a shot and see what you think! Have fun <3
