A nice sandbox but this one tends to focus on some fun crafty modes which s fun it you have a group of friends or people to play with such as Prop hunt, Sandbox, PvP, Terror in Terrorist town and some other creative stuff. Includes props and stuff from most of the valve games such as Half Life (Mainly) and Team Fortress. Steam Workshop is available. Game used to make Youtube's Gmod movies and other projects.A microphone is recommend if you' re playing in a co-op mode to increase the fun. But mind some of the ragers with mics if you find any. It has a moderator system in case this or something else happens. But other than that averagely nice sandbox.
This is an excellent contender for a 2D Retro-type Minecraft. But tsk! Tsk! You shouldn't deem this game to be a 2D Minecraft. This game has its own name to be called in its own right: Terraria. It has a lot of freedom when it comes to creativity with a passionate hint of RPG-ness and the hard boss battles. Multiplayer is Steam supported and very easy to set up. Great classic must have indie game. Psst! It's very addictive too! Very addictive, if you get hooked on this game you'll will expect to bundle a lot of hours together dedicated to playing this game.UPDATE: The new update 1.3 has revolutionised this game. It will change the way how you play this game for the better.
It's a top of the job film maker. It has earned itself a high reputation, recently. It's easy to use once you get the hang of it after a few practices if you are really devoted to create your own videos.Although, you are going to need a powerful decent computer/laptop to run and save your work with this program considering you need at least 15 GB of space and a high graphics card. Because less powerful computers aren't going to stand a chance. The program would still work but the chances of it crashing is a lot likely to happen and loading assets takes a lot while longer. Overall, the quality and graphics are very high. Moving props and skeletons uses a similar system to Garry's Mod's Bone Manipulator but slightly more sophisticated and plus this software is produced by Valve and inturn they use it to create their videos. Tutorials are notebly separate from the program so an internet search is required to find them. I recommend this software if your computer/laptop is powerful enough to tolerate it.
