Decent game. Its very polished and plays well. The game offers exactly what its intended, a tycoon simulation trading on the seven seas.The love they have put into views is lost with the camera being fixed behind your ship, which is where the game tries to be different. It does not do it justice imo.Overall the game is good, but not worth its current price tag. if you wish to splurg and love tycoon simulations this game will entertain you for maybe a week max, a day if your experienced player.
Amazing transportation simulator.Players with experience with older games like transport tycoon and transport giant for example will find themself in familar territory hear.The learning curve can be steep for the average gamer, but with some self learning on easy difficulty anyone can make profit. You will find yourself fastforwarding the years for money, which in turn makes the years go by abit to quickly.Overall this game is a great addition to the simulator genre, and I hope the devs and modders get behind it. With map size and graphics the game offers alot of potential moving into the future.
No more blatantly creating trade routes and earning millions of cash, this game makes you work for every little bit of gain you make through planning and logistics and when you think you get ahead of the curve it slams you right back down with bandits, roaming animals or a declaration of war from a well prepared AI.Would be destroyed again 10/10TLDR: Dark souls of eco simulation games MUST PLAY.
This game is amazing, brings forth the nostalgia feeling from oldschool Jrpgs from Nintendo, but on that note...for the almost $10 USD this game falls short, its leaves it to be continues at the end...*spoilers* I know, but it needs to be told it doesn't finish and requires a continuation....really =-- wtf! :(For that amount of money, should get the entire game =.=
Great indie building simulator. At times it can be boring, especially earning some of those achievements forcing you to play in an unproductive manner. But overall the game sucks you in, you can lose hours playing it and yet with one mistake those hours can vanish into a city failing very quickly from the punishing aspect this game offers.If you're a glutton for punishment and addicting strategical building simulations, this game is for you!
