My 10 bits: Cute little programming game which is fun but could have been much better.The Ones:0001 Sorta cute0010 Maybe educational0011 Optimization is fun0100 Achievements are easyish0101 Weird cutscenesThe Zeros:1111 Very basic and tabletized, all pointy-draggy1110 More levels please1101 Can be tedious at times1100 Achievements are easyishEveryone will probably enjoy this game for a little while, if you like solving abstract problems and basic programming you’ll enjoy it more.It really comes across as targeted for mobile/tablets; like many such games it really has only the basic features and nothing else. As an example, while you can cut and paste entire programs (and have to endure an explanation every time you do it), there’s no feature to cut and paste a section of a program. Another example - you have to ‘draw’ comments with your mouse or touch, you cannot type them in.As an experienced programmer the optimisation challenges were mostly a little easy for me. On the other hand, the instruction set used in the game is often frustrating by design (e.g. I usually want to jump if positive, not negative! - or - I usually don’t want the bump instructions to replace what’s in my hands).No story to speak of, but some strange little cutscenes to set the mood. Reminds me of my work.Overall a short, easyish and moderately fun game. Get it if you like optimization-style puzzles... and let’s face it, who doesn’t.
The Talos Principle is a first-person view story-driven puzzle game; you have to solve a variety of set-piece puzzles using a small set of tools and your awesome spatial reasoning to obtain ‘sigils’, which are then used to progress in the game. It’s a fun, well-paced expedition though beautiful environments with a thoughtful and interesting backstory.The gameplay mainly revolves around finding out, by experimentation, how the various tools you get interact with the environment and other game elements. You might need to figure out how to get on top of a stack of hexahedrons, for example. Hexahedrons are, naturally, nothing like cubes.Other game elements include (harmless) lasers, hovering robo-mines (not so harmless) and even some sort of holographic recording system (makes brain hurt). It took me about 35 hours of nearly always enjoyable gameplay to complete almost every goal in the game. The difficulty level was almost perfect; maybe just a teensy bit too easy, but there was still enough challenge for rewarding play.The GoodThe environments are beautiful and the graphics rendering, while not cutting edge, is very good. Bonus: Not-state-of-the-art meant the frame rates were consistently good.Puzzle difficulty seemed a little easy at first but later on there were a few hard ones that were satisfying to solve. If you’re experienced with these sorts of games you’re unlikely to get stuck for a long time. If you’re a completionist like me there might be a few ones that have you thrashing about for an hour or so before you realize you’re missing the obvious solution. Bonus: Getting to tell myself how smart I was after finding some of the hidden stars.The story was an interesting if lonely one; don’t expect to have much in the way of meaningful interaction with NPCs; however there are a couple of regulars to keep you on your toes. The story is told through reading text excerpts and listening to audio logs, and has some poignant moments. Take a robo-tissue. You can also skip the reading if you’re just interested in the gameplay and still get to the end. Bonus: Getting a free philosophy course.The story also had an amazing amount of geeky self-consistency (yes, that’s a pro - you know it is): almost everything in the game was explained or at least alluded to. Bonus: There was even an explanation of why your in-game character had your steam name! None of the puzzles tested your leet twitch skilz, which is pro for an old gamer like me. I found some jumping puzzle easter eggs which required some patience, but you can solve all the story puzzles (and get all of the achievements) without lightning reflexes. Some of the areas seem like they need good timing to begin with, but there’s usually a safer way of doing it! Bonus: Still got it with the jumping skilz, baby!I also appreciated the motion sickness options on the menu. For some reason, when I started playing I did get some motion sickness (unusually) but expanding the field of view and playing with a couple of the other options seemed to help. Bonus: Not throwing up over fancy mech keyboard.The BadThe game save system suffers from consolitis - no manual saves, only checkpoint saves. It only keeps a limited number of recent saves, which interacts poorly with the achievements - to get some of them you’ll probably have to restart from the beginning because you can’t go back far enough with the saves. Bogus: Having to restart to get more achievements.Some of the puzzles are pure filler and are not challenging at all; all you have to do is go through the motions to solve them. Given the number of puzzles in the game, it wouldn’t have hurt to cut a few. Bogus: Doing all the boring puzzles again after restarting.I was not a fan of the tetromino lock puzzles; I solved them using a few basic principles and a lot of trial and error. I didn’t find them fun at all, the small ones were easy, the big ones were annoying. I suppose they might appeal to some people. But I can understand why they were included, and they even had an historical justification which was revealed later in the game. Bogus: Doing all the annoying locks again after restarting.Achievements have a few minor annoyances - the main one for me being that some of the achievements require the DLC, so without it you can’t get them all. This might be a limitation with steam, because the in-game achievement list doesn’t show those ones. Also, some requirements felt misplaced; you’ll get many achievements automatically for game progress, but do something amazing and nada. Bogus: Collecting all the sigils. ALL OF THEM. No immediate gratification in the form of a little box in the corner of my screen appearing for three seconds. A little part of me rejoiced for a moment, then died quietly inside. Seriously, dev dudes, that was an achievement, unlike opening the door near the start of the game or whatever...Finally, a certain text interaction element of the game felt a bit stilted to me, and at times restricted you to some rather odd responses, so I didn’t really find that very engaging. Bogus: Not really caring.The UglyNothing. This game, like your humble reviewer, looks, sounds, plays and smells good. The VerdictHighly recommended for all fans of puzzle games that include cubes. Of course, this is not one of those games. This is a puzzle game with hexahedrons.
Sort of like super meat boy using your brain instead of your thumbs, painfully hard to get the best scores but you can't stop trying.
