I really am enjoying 140. Minimalist abstract art and design at its best. Every puzzle is unique and rewarding. As I played I became more and more aware of the music until I was relying on it to progress.140 is a game with no filler. You must use everything you're given to solve the puzzles. But at the same time, this game is not your enemy trying to make you fail while you battle against it to win (like in most games e.g. your typical shooter or racing game), it is there to guide you through by teaching you as you go. When a new element is introduced in a puzzle game, so often I am just left to figure out myself what to do with it. In 140, you are subtly shown the mechanics of new elements before you must interact with them. This allows the player to always feel confident and in control. As the complexity and difficulty increased at just the right pace, I began to find some puzzles had a bit more too them than they seemed. I would have to watch as the elements reacted to the music and learn their patterns. Some of the puzzles may take you a minute or two to complete, but you are never confused for more than a few seconds. It’s the perfect mix of mental and physical skill.If you’ve enjoyed games like Thomas Was Alone or The Impossible Game you will probably enjoy this. 140/10 
I get 30fps at max graphics and 30fps and min graphics. My graphics card came out last year and I can play any other game very easily at low-high graphics depending on the game. Literally unplayable.
Not worth playing... Overall bad game.. Was hoping for something meaningful but it-'s really not. For example as the old man i found some kids fighting over a toy. I bought them a second toy -now they will never fight again for this toy. I am happy- and thats his whole story. The other 2 stories are just as bad. No offense to the creator, this is a good effort for someone learning how to make a game, but it shouldn-'t be on steam and isn-'t rewarding to play at all.
GG
It made me feel like I did a big line of cocaine and went out on a killing spree 10/10
