If you've played Europa Universalis and co, then this game is awesome. Enough said - buy it and dive in. If you've never played a Paradox game of this nature before then read on....This game has a steep learning curve, matched only by the joy from the gameplay after you get over the initial hump. My brother showed me the interface and took me through some of the concepts of the game initially which got me over that learning curve. I would recommend watching some kind of Youtube videos or reading up on the game concepts because it doesn't pull any punches when it comes to the terminology of the era.There's a moment when it just starts to click and when it does, it feels like you've opened a door to a whole new world of great gaming. I have spent more time playing this game than any other.I would recommend buying some of the expansion packs for flavour as the big ones have some excellent additions to the Crusader Kings gameplay however to start with, the normal game is great. I have always been a fan of the Total War series. This game is not that. It's not as hands on tactical (regarding battles and such), it's much more strategic in it's approach. It's much more personable. Your character, his or her family, friends, relations, vassals and enemies really MATTER.I have always been a fan of the Civ series. This game is not that. It's a much more in depth dive into the feudal system. Civilisation is a brilliant glimpse at the whole of human history. This is the PHD on the middle ages.If you're into strategy games, you deserve to play this and don't be put off by the initial learning barrier. Because when you're succeeding at this game, there's no feeling like it.
No anxiety in your life? Unable to cope with your sense of peace and control? Look no further! Start playing Mini Metro and be cured today!Brilliant design - simplicity itself. Just like a good safe. Bloody difficult to crack.
OK it's fair to say I'm a big fan of Ancient Greece and Greek Mythology but even so, this is a really fun platformer action game, reminiscent of the old platformer 'Gods' although this is only focused on Greece.So far it's been very entertaining, the story is simple but compelling and thematically the game is excellent. The music, art style, characters and such is very well done. I only noticed recently that the game levels are actually painted on a rock or plaster surface. Very nice touch. You can tell this has been a labour of love and they haven't bit off more than they can chew in the art direction and design. Initially you may think the simple palette limited compared to the vibrance of contemporary games but actually it is very subtle and it doesn't take too long see why they did it. Awesome work.Gameplay is simple yet varied enough to maintain your interest through the hack'n'slash. There have been a few surprises that have me wondering what else they have up their sleeve. I'm really enjoying the variety of equipment that's all tied back to actual Greek weapons and armour with a few added mythological notes as you'd expect.All in all, a well crafted game. Enough complexity and the difficulty so far has been challenging enough without bumping it up to 'champion' level.Great stuff by the developer to put this all together. And I got it for $5. Go buy this and take a break from the AAA titles!
