Video Game ReviewCIU110.1 Critical Thinking in Creative MediaAssault Android CactusVideo Game from Witch BeamReview by Carlos MeloFrom the Brisbane-based developer team Witch Beam, Android Assault Cactus will immerse you in the role of a Police Android named Cactus, that responds to the call of a stranded space freighter “The Genki Star”. Once inside the ship, she finds out that all the robot workers have rebelled because some malfunctioning. Attempting to save the ship, Cactus fights hordes of robots and bosses that control different decks of The Genki Star, together with 7 other androids that she recruits along the way to reach the brain of the ship while trying to find out the cause of the malfunction.This game is a Twin Stick action arena shooter with an isometric top-down view that up to 4 players can play in co-op mode. It was firstly made for PC, but it will be available for PS4, Vita and Wii U, and although the game is still in Early Access, it is extremely refined and polished, it has great 3D graphics and great performance, it runs very smoothly even when the arena is packed with enemies.The art style reminds me of Jet Force Gemini and Megaman with influence of anime, and every android is remarkably different, not only in appearance but also in gameplay, each one of the androids has a unique primary and secondary weapon. The primary weapons go from an assault machine gun with high precision to a shotgun with more spread shooting that can help with crowds. The secondary weapons are very powerful and have short cooldowns, they help a lot when taking down the big robots, and as if it wasn't enough you can power up the primary weapon by collecting energy, and there are also 3 pickups that can assist you in your fire rate and speed.Each level consist of two objectives, the first one is to destroy all the enemies, and the second one is to collect the batteries that the robots drop when they are destroyed, so you can keep fighting. This battery system works as a timer and in fact, the only way you can lose is by running out of battery which will shut down your android. Apart from that, getting hit a few times will eventually stunt your android, making you press the shooting button repeatedly in order to get up and keep fighting, this doesn’t count as dying but it does drain your battery.Now, what makes ACC one of the best games of its genre that I have played is the mechanics of the game and the amazing dynamic levels, the arena changes while you are fighting, moving and rearranging itself, this can play in your favour or against you by making you take decisions really fast and being spontaneous. There are 20 levels and 5 bosses, which are very different and challenging. I would like to say that I'm really impressed with the work these developers have made, the game is getting close to its final stage but they keep adding more awesome stuff, like the bonus features on the EX options where you spend credits for more features like more visual filters, A.I. partners and a First Person Shooter Camera MIND BLOWN!.
