WARNING: This game will not work if run through Steam. It only works through compatibility mode with Windows XP Service Pack 3.THE FOLLOWING METHOD IS ONLY PROVEN TO WORK IN WINDOWS 7.Launching the game:1.Right-click game in Steam Library.2.Click Properties, then in new window click on the local files tab.3.Click 'Browse Local Files'.4.Windows explorer should pop up with the game files. Right click on Antanta.exe (shown as Antanta). 5.Click properties again, then in new window navigate to compatibility tab. 6.Tick the box where it's description is: Run this game in compatibility mode for.....7.Select Windows XP Service Pack 3.8.Click apply, then launch Antanta.exe or play through Steam.9.Your game should boot properly with minor graphical bugs (which go away and are only in the levels). Errors: -Game seems to blackscreen whenever you select something in the menus, but it only remains for 2-5 seconds.-Minor graphical bugs on ore deposits, fixed when player makes an action.I will update this post the more bugs and errors I find. I know this isn't a review, but it is something nesscessary considering all the negative reviews. Please, reccommend this so others can see (if it works for you).
Where to start with this game? Let's just say, Mount and Blade has given me many hours of a great game and tough battles. This game is what every Strategy/RPG hybrid should look up to. Mount and Blade has a lot of replayability, as akin to its descendant Mount and Blade Warband. The gameplay is great, fun and rewarding. Altough the actual combat is rather clunky in terms of animations, the game is very well developed. All the Mount and Blade series needs now is a game that has a multiplayer/co-op overhead map gamemode (Mount and Blade Bannerlord, I'm looking at you.). Mount and Blade is a really good game, I would recommend it to anyone who is skeptical about genre hybrids. 8/10
Where to start with this game? Brilliance in the form of a storyline. I was not expecting this game to be all that great. I gathered from most reviews of it that it wasn't, but I still did purchase it. I can very gladly say that I was happily proven wrong. The storyline is so very well structured, with actions, even small ones, having a massive affect of the gameplay. I finished this game feeling terrible. Not many games have done that to me. The morals in Spec Ops: The Line are also represented on a very small scale, such as deciding whether or not to excecute a dying enemy for ammuntion. The gameplay element of The Line isn't the greatest: average is probably a good way to put it. Particular guns, like the snipers and heavier weapons, are completely overpowered in comparison to the others. It does cover based shooting fairly well, though it is a bit buggy in places. Overall, this game is a true emotionally-inducing adventure. It is an absolutely brilliant buy at $20-$30, and well worth it.Score: 7.5/10
Awesomenauts is a fascinating game. I mean, come on, a 2D MOBA shouldn't be good. But it is. Awesomenauts flawlessly combines a platformer with the MOBA genre. The game is balanced a LOT better than Dota 2 or LoL, it has an easy to use interface, is highly accessible and always action-packed. This game, simply put, is outstanding for a MOBA. 8.5/10
Ah Valve. Why do you torment us so? Dota 2 is a MOBA, as many people would probably know, due to this game being the most played on Steam. Dota 2 is a solid game, and I would say due to the nature of the game's genre being a rather unpopulated market, the best one in the MOBA genre. I say this for a couple of reasons, but I will list those later. Dota 2 stills holds much to Warcraft 3, the game it was based off of. Now, Dota 2 attracts me for a few reasons, those being it's very simple but effective party or solo play, the potential profit that is able to be made, and of course my affnity for strategy games. Being a free to play game, Dota 2 is amazing. Valve did a brilliant job n it, and altough things could be improved in some areas it is still a perfect example of what Valve is capable of. Pros: -Excellent Combat-Variety of Heroes-Variety of Items-Excellent Party System -Gripping game that has the potential to reach high tension when victory is unclear -Level system works well-Purchaseable items are only for cosmetic effect, keeping the game balanced -Potential gold mine for economically minded playersCons:-Some Broken Heroes-Matchmaking (They'll never get it right)-Community is mean to newcomers-Tutorial is boring and does little to encourage playVerdict: 9/10 One of my favourite games on Steam, if they just fixed up the minor things wrong with the game itself, it would be more deserving of a better rating.
Ace of Spades. Before Jagex was on the scene, this game had potential. I was an early Alpha tester and I must say, the game was good. In Beta it was even better. When it was first released on Steam, I played it non-stop for 6 hours. Then I played in short bursts with friends. Then, after I hadn't been on for about 2 months, everything had changed. Apparently Jagex decided the game wasn't traffic, or at least that's what it came across as. So they tried to make it better. But they made it a despicable game. Ace of Spades is no longer worth its non sale price of $15. It's not even worth $2. I just wish Jagex would listen to the desperate people who used to play AoS to restore it to what it used to be. It's just not worth it anymore.2/10
It's about time I reviewed this game. Europa Universalis IV is simply amazing. I pour a lot of my extra time into this game, and are never disappointed with the game. The newest update to EUIV added a lot of new features for free, something that is rare in this age of gaming. Developer Support: Simply the best I've seen in years. Paradox are one of the few companies that don't milk their customers for money, and actually listen and respond to the community. EUIV is updated regularly and every now and then a massive update comes out. Even though this game has an incessant amount of DLC, don't allow that to throw you off. Unlike the Civilization franchise of late, you need NO DLC to enjoy this game. Much of the DLC is for a more in depth experience and reminds me of a crowdfunding system. Graphics: The graphics of EUIV aren't going to win any awards anytime soon, but they fit the game and it's genre. Most of the graphical elements within EUIV is the map itself, and there is decent detail for this. Military units (Naval and Army) are rather generic and bland, and this is where the main clump of DLC comes in. Most of the DLC are visual enhancements to the game, adding varied unit appearances. In terms of the GUI, I personally love it. The GUI without any menus up is rather spartan, but provides all nescessary information to the player. With menus, however, is where EUIV shines. The menus are complex and indepth, easy to navigate and sometimes a bit unclear. Difficulty: I'll say it now,  if you have no patience you are probably not going to like EUIV. The game has a steep learning curve in comparison to most strategy games, and that can be accredited to the game sitting by itself in it's own subdivison on strategy. It is neither and RTS or TB, but rather an RTS that is pauseable (ruining the entire purpose of an RTS). To new players, menus can be confusing and war may be a major attractor to new players. Personally, I say learn the menus first then unpause the game. Gameplay: Gameplay in EUIV can be boring if you let it be. Most of the time, the game attempts to keep you involved with events and issues around your country. I've had a friend turn away from this game due to them not bothering to learn the menus and hopping right in as Sweden. Then, he immediately declared war on his overlord. Not pretty. War is painful in this game to conduct properly,  and to be honest, it is extremely hard to play as a non-european civilisation once the colonial countries come. All in all, EUIV is worth every dollar. With an excellent developer who supports their game and listens to the community, and an invloving behemoth of a game, it is truly worth the $40 I payed.
Great game with a solid storyline, and a very fun survival mode. Wait till it goes on special however.
All right everyone, put away the pitchforks and torches, you've won. I was hoping for a different solution than the outright removal of the system, but i guess in a way this is a good thing.Anyway, Skyrim is a great game, amazing open world, plenty to do, just don' t stop playing for a while otherwise you will fell like restarting. Also, mods are great.
