The Forest is a survival horror game that actually does survival horror right, from the sound to how everything looks, Thats why I instantly fell in love with The Forest, the immersion. If you have ever played the Silent Hill series, you would know of how good a job it makes you feel like you-'re alone, but not ALONE. And that is what seperates The Forest from the rest of the -zombie- survival -horror- games, it gets rid of the generic zombie foe that you don-'t mind putting a couple rounds into and gives you a native cannibalistic tribe that may make you think before taking them out incase one of them gets away and alerts the rest of the tribe.This game is legitimately scary, from your first sighting of the tribe searching the plane wreck to the first time you get knocked out and dragged to their cave. It-'s purely atmospheric horror and It doesn-'t just rely on cheap scare tactics like jump-scares and loud noises like other survival horror games.Now on to the survival aspect of The Forest, I personally think this part was really well done, it actually makes you adapt and survive! From not being able to eat raw meat and actually having to put it onto the fire and wait for it to cook so you don-'t burn it, to simply how the tree cutting animations are and finding berries that are not poisonous to eat.At the moment it-'s pretty buggy. But what do you expect from a pre-alpha? I-'m really looking forward to seeing what Endnight games can do with The Forest in the future. This game would easily be Game Of The Year for me, normally I wouldn-'t even fathom choosing a game like this for GOTY, but The Forest is just perfect to me, and can definitely see this being one of my all time favorites.
World of Guns: Gun Disassembly is a really in depth firearm simulator. Mostly in the way you pull apart the guns piece by piece but there is a firing range and operation mode where you can fire the gun of your choice with different attachments such as silencers, scopes, different magazine sizes and just learn how every single component works with each other. The satisfaction you get when you pull apart and put back together a sophisticated gun with more than 60 parts without choosing the wrong components is probably more rewarding than shooting the gun itself. The only downside to this game is that it's a bit grindey, but I guess that adds to the charm of getting to know each and every part of the weapon you are disassembling, but it's not too much of a problem for me as I don't really mind a bit of a grind sesh once in a while. Plus I get time to learn every weapon that is in the game instead of just blazing past every single gun and missing out on how they all work.In conclusion, it's MUCH better than the Google Play and Apple store versions just because of the fact you have full control over the camera. Plus it's a stupidly fun and rewarding game if you're into pulling things apart then putting them back together just to see how they work and operate.
Legend Of Dungeon is most probably the best rouge-like/lite I have ever played.There is so much of these style games but there's something about this game that just hits the nail on the head, I'm not sure what it is but something about it that just stands out from the rest, even with how basic the combat is. (one click button attack, hold to do power attack) There is a fair few weapons to come across from the mighty code hammer to the speedy coffee mug. There's also some pretty cool easter eggs from some of my favorite movies and games that i won't spoil.There is a really decent amount of different monsters to encounter too, from bats, annoying as hell goblins and slimes to minotaurs, cyclopes, Succubs and the crazy OP lich king. The randomization of this game is really well done too, it actually feels like luck based randomization unlike other rouge-likes/lites which you are more or less guaranteed to get better loot straight after spawn. On one playthrough I walked out of the bar/pub onto the first floor and got destroyed straight away by a cyclops, then on another run I found the code hammer on floor 3 and got to level 19.Plus the lighting, colors, interesting pixel art is like the cherry on top for me.
Risk Of Rain is a brilliant platformer/rouge-lite, the main thing with this game that pulls me into this game is how easily I can switch from being under-powered to over-powered and then back again in split seconds. (mostly from getting too cocky when I have certain power-ups. :P) It's genuinely a hard game and I love it for that reason. The music is a selling point as well, sort of a rocky/electronic/ambient thing.The difficulty scales just right for me, it gives me a good 2-5 minutes to do what i need to do in each level, so I can do either a quick pick-up-and-play run or i could do a good 40 min run to (rarely) get to the last level. Plus this game actually makes me want to collect every single power-up and monster log just for the little storys you get alone.The only gripe I have with it is how complicated it is to connect with friends, when I want to connect with a friend I have to use a program called Evolve[evolvehq.com] that gives me and my friends a temp IP address, and even that fails some of the time.All in all, this is a solid game that rates highly on my games list.
