I don't know where to start! Life Is Feudal is by far one of the BEST sandboxes ive ever played. Its got unique systems and mechanics for crafting, forging, cooking, alchemy and other things like terraforming and logging. ALL of which have their own skill sets and levelling so you won't progess skills the same way twice, or find the same items & ingredients in the same place which is a nice touch. Depending on which server you are on, there are also variable stat & skill caps this means that if you specialise in a certain skill it can determine how useful you will be in building settlments, and once reach the leveling limit of one skill, thats it Reach the stat and skill caps and leveling up will be a distant memory as they will become rare occurences. This means prople of different skills will have to work together and pool resources and skills, especially if a battle takes place in nearby settlements/towns and repairs have to be made quickly. For example, one person of your group/guild might be a master blacksmith, while another will be a master Logger, so choosing which skill to level completely is CRUCIAL.You basically start the game with nothing but food scraps and rags for clothes, so your first instinct is to create primitive gear which can be done quite quicker than you would expect. As you start to meet random people in your travels, you will also start to learn of the surrondings more and where developments have been started. I remember one time where I spawned into the world and I basically turned right and saw an ENTIRE FORTRESS built far off into the distance on the other side of an island, and as I explored around there was the odd camp/shack then a small town where groups have formed a guild. It cleary shows the sheer scope of how important working with people is in this game.Another strong point is the combat mechanics, if you have played the Mount & Blade games you will feel right at home here with the directional movements and there are even group formations to be used in a battle! Formations like shield walls, phalanx/wedge, and defensive circle formations can be applied and changed on the fly in mid battle, VERY useful for when 2 armies or more are battling it out.The final thing you will notice (and the most notable when you start the game and spawn into a world) is the graphics. At the moment there are Direct x 7 and 9 graphics, DO NOT let the discussions and reviews fool you! This game is a visual master piece considering the DX7 and 9 graphics closely resemble TES4: Oblivion's graphics, but with the fast approaching release date the Direct x 11 graphics will make this one of the most beautiful medieval themed sandboxes ever made!Overall i give this game a 8.5/10 and thats just at an EARLY ACEESS point of veiw as Bitbox are at the moment of smoothing everything out for the release and beginning to implement future features upon post release. This has been one of the most comprehensive, immersive and challenging games ive played to date. Looking forwand to more! 11/10 would recommend this game to those who have never played sandboxes or similar themed games like MMORPG's as it is worth the experience.
