This is one of the best RPG games I ever played in a long time!It has everything you hoped for an RPG I finished the game around 14 hours!The game is wonderfully made with intresting humor, puzzles, chracters (well described characters), items and NPC's. You must play this game if you are one of the people who played old school RPG's games!
This is one of the BEST CRPG games I ever played in a long time! The Early Access is almost over and the release is comming on June 30th!I have allot of fun with this game by providing feedback and reporting bug reports. Larian Studious has done a very good job using the -Early Access- feature. They have been pushed to their limits allot in every single update they do and change the game dramatically from story, combat, balancing and more!. This is one of my first Early Access games, that I actually gave feedback as this game have very huge potential and probably will even get allot of awards and probably game of the year for RPG-'s! They have listened and adding allot of our suggestions into the game and the game is just getting better! Why do I recommend this game?- The best CRPG game I have played in along time since the OLD RPG games.- The game is very interactive from environments, items to NPC-'s!- They will deliver a strong toolset for modders and players who are willing to download MODS or make their own story into the game! (Yes the campaign can be modable!)- Conversation between your main characters and companions!- Customizable characters by items, skills, talents, armor, weapons and more!- Just go get it now! :PThank you Larian Studiois for this wonderful game - You defiantly will get allot of awards for this game!
It's still a great addictive game like with Counter Striker Series!
This is a really great expreince for CRPG players!I have allot of fun with this game it always bring me back to finish the game as the story, gameplay and the interactions in the game kept me going. The story telling of this game is fantastic, the combat is fun but not great (combat need to have allot more interactions within the environment and more combat options as there aren't that much and sometimes there are bugs on combat especially during loading a save game) but it's the gameplay (interactions with dialogue, companions conversations, environment ect.) and the story that really kept me going to finish this game. One thriller game I'd say! One of the best CRPG games I have played in 2014! P.S - I cannot wait for Shadowrun: Hong Kong!
