Played the beta and haven-'t played full release yet, so review is based on that.The game in a nutshell- hire mercenaries of many classes. Create a party of 4 to descend into some dark and horrific dungeon. Use the many abilities of the various classes to defeat your foes, collect treasure. Cry when your favourite hero dies. Use loots to upgrade town, improve heroes and delve in again.The different classes for heroes mean there is lots of different ways to create a party. Some classes are about straight up damage. Others are better at using damage over time effects (lower damage, but they stack AND bypass defences, but can be resisted). Some classes used a -mark- mechanic, marking an enemy and doing no damage, but in turn allowing powerful abilities or bonus damage on that enemy. There are CC based classes too. However the evil that dwells in the dark is merciless. You will lose heroes. Some will go crazy and wander off. Others can have so many negative traits as to be unusable.Combat is part RNG, part skill and part risk-vs-reward. Like your party is low on health, the next room is your last and it-'s a treasure room. You could forfeit the completion bonus but keep your heroes. Or you could fight the monsters and pray for a win. Just like in life though, sometimes things just don-'t go your way. Sometimes everything goes your way, but when things go bad, you(r heroes) hurt.Not only that but throughout the dungeon morale is slowly chipped away. Bad news if it drops too much, a masochistic hero that refuses a heal could well spell the end of your expedition.Be well friend, and come prepared to face the evil that lurks in the Darkest Darkness.
Ok played for a few days. Good points-charming graphics-Pay to Win isn't that strong-interesting class progression mechanic, quite customisableBad Points-Lots of pay to win-horrific lag (from Australia)-keyboard shortcuts that look like a scrabble hand (set to mouse control scheme for some relief)-random freezes that can lead to crashes-quite boring stats-grind, lots of grind-the constant bling!, beep, woosh noises-they seemingly do nothing about the rmt spam, 3 days in and it's already endless.Still playing because I'm bored, maybe it gets better at higher levels. Like more grind yeah, but hopefully more substance.
Amazing game. Some quality of life improvements, same old brutal combat.+Actually has nice keyboard controls. Praise the Sun!+In-game option to play offline. I like this.+Stats are more important. Attunement massively affects how many spells you can cast through FP. Physical stats increase physical resists, caster stats boost elemental resists. +Hybrid builds are weaker through lower damage, pures weaker through less adaptability. Choice and consequence. I like.+Along with real keyboard controls, special weapon attacks are easier to use.+If you are bad like me you will die again and again and rage quit. Then come back later for more.+More NPC's with more interesting stories.+Larger areas make exploration more fun.0 Armour cannot be upgraded. Not a + or -, but it means a lot of your resists come from stats.0 Game is not connected like DS2. The first real area is not physically connected to the start area, must use bonfire travel option.-If you are bad like me you will die again and again and rage quit. Then come back later for more.-Some FPS issues for me, though not major.-Still shows tutorial messages with console keys, but the keyboard settings map those to keyboard keys, making it easier to figure out what things do.Try tongue... but hole.EDIT: after finishing the game once, some new notes.This game heavily favours melee right now. Pyromancy is fairly strong, miracles are strong but you don't get a lot of spells until later in the game (best offence spell requires NG+, get it from killing final boss...). Overall sorcery is weakest and hindered most by the long cast times and subsequent low dps. Hoping a DLC buffs magic and sorcery specifically.
This game is very polished. The world is very interactive. You see in the promotional videos how you can use objects in the environment via hacking to give you an advantage. The main problem is that it is a gimmick. It's easier to just run about and shoot and drive than worry about the fiddly hacking controls. The other big negative is the side missions are very sparse and boring. GTA has heists and races and lots of shooting challenges. This has very simple chess puzzles and find the console via hacking cameras game?Simply put- this is a very basic shooting game. Everything else is added on top. You can use the higher features but they are optional, you can just play this as a straight shooter. Since using those higher features (hacking, stealth) is fiddly and slow, there isn't much incentive to use them.Another turd polished to a gleaming shine by Ubisoft. Why do I keep getting ubisoft games :(
Has bought hundreds of games, many of them really high quality, great story lines, immersive gameplay, impressive graphics. Spends hours clicking on and watching cubes explode in a free game. That is quite possibly the smallest download of any title I have. Wondering if I should go to bed or keep clicking on cubes.9/10, doesn't reduce tiredness :(
This isn't too bad. Just play a little bit. Damn I died. Well if I get lucky and use this item also, I can get far! Damn died again. Hrmm try doing this then. Hrmm better check the time... OMG how did it get this late?10/10, would bleary eyed again.
This game is great. At first it just seems alright. Then I see how badly my city layout is. A few restarts later and I am meticulously planning my highways, putting enough on and off ramps, waiting for money to construct more housing. Lose track of caring about the game, and totally absorbed in making my city run smoothly.Traffic isn-'t simulated! If there is a busy interesction, you see it is busy because of the cars and trucks! People have jobs and travel to work. Garbage trucks actually have to pick up rubbish. Fire trucks go to fires. If the roads are too busy they can-'t get there quickly though! People die and get buried, children go to school, young people go to university. Pollution and garbage are things you have to deal with.Hell if someone complains on the in-game twitter (called -chirper-) you can bulldoze their house if you want.
