encounter a huge zombie which tried to kill me but ended up saving me 11/10
I got it because of the GT3 Bentley Continetial GT3. Love the car, raced it in many other racing games and simulators and can now race it in PCars. Its taking some time to get used too (Dont spend all my time on racing games] however from the 17 lap race I had in Multiplayer its a pretty nice car to use and definately is one of the good looking [and sounding] cars on the field IMO
W0w dis game is liek da best eva. If you liek myncraft you shold totaly git this gaem. Its relly good.
Is worth it if you are a zombies. However if you are a multiplayer only person dont bother. The MP maps die in the first week.And if you are to get it for the mp maps I would recommend getting it before the last DLC drops that way you will be able to experience the maps online like once.
Cant launch the game anymore :(OS: WIndows 10 64bit
Its a great game if you like the whole fact that a actually war can be won inside of the game, which would probably be one of the coolest things Ive seen in a game before. But the game just doesnt keep me interested enough. For me personally its to slow. Thats my opinion and yes I know, Its based on WW2 and back then you didnt have DSR-50's and rush in and quickscope the whole enemy team with one shot :P The game was great it just didnt excite me enough to keep playing. Keep in mind if you love sitting back and watching / sniping enemys this WOULD be the game for you! :)
Amazing game. Going to admit that I bought this game souly for custom zombies but the experience is just amazing. Some of the maps you find for WaW are just amazing. Not to only mension that WaW Pc DLC is 100% Free! So you get all the zombies packs AND extra (Mods) for no extra cost. This game is comletely worth it if your a CoD Zombie fan and want to have a all new experience
The DayZ mod is great! However DO NOT DOWNLOAD IT ON STEAM! It will not work straight up. I would recomend get Arma II and Operation Arrowhead then go search up a program called DayZ Commander. This has all the famous DayZ mods including epoch. If you want a good DayZ experience just Search it up. Hope this helped
Game Definately had a rough start for a lot of people (poor optimisation, low frames, etc). However Being over couple months after release the game is definately a lot more stable and is really enjoyable. Some guns and specialists are more powerful than other guns and Specialists which can ruin the experience but overall its so fun. The zombies is really good aswell if you learn how to play the map properly.EDIT: Game now has an offline mode for zombies which is good and they have finally made an easy way to obtain weapons rather than just the microtransactions / long grind of cryptokeys. (They added contracts, if you complete a contract you get a Weapon bribe. 100% chance of a weapon)
