As a fan of previous title 'PAYDAY: The Heist', PAYDAY 2 has shown a complete overhaul of game mechanics. With David Goldfarb from Battlefield 3 now part of Overkill, the first thing you'll notice about the game is that it is HARD. You will fail when you're a low level. Eventually, as you work your way up the crime ladder, you'll gain the necessary skills to spend, to complete heists a certain way. There's a new stealth system implemented, in which you can carry different weapons with different mods to lower your visibility and be detected slower. Guards can be killed and bagged to move around, but their pagers must be answered. Answering too many pagers will cause the operator to be unconvinced and set the alarm off. Of course, there's always the 'classic' PAYDAY approach.... Weapons have also been overhauled, and feel incredibly satisfying to use. They actually kick and feel like real guns, whilst the sound design suits it perfectly.This title has a large RPG element, in which you will now level up from getting xp on heists, and gain skill points to spend on skills in four different skill trees: Enforcer, Mastermind, Ghost and Technician. However, differing from the original PAYDAY, you cannot have all the skills in all the trees. As level 100 you can usually Max out 2 skill trees, and have a few in others or you can choose to spend them and become a 'Jack of all trades, but master of none'. Although this new system makes levelling up much more satisfying, it also rewards grinding heists, and as of such, many players simply speedrun heists for xp, (most notably Rats and Ukranian Job). Overall, it is an amazing game, and although it isn't quite for the casual gamer as the first PAYDAY catered to, it is immensely enjoyable with countless replayability due to randomisation of each heist. One of the best games ever made, especially when playing with friends, it is one of my favourite games of all time. It is being constantly updated with new material, and although all the things promised at launch are not present in the release, they are promised to come by Overkill, one of the few developers out there who don't simply milk money from their customers by releasing an unfinished game, no patches and an abundance of microtransactions. PAYDAY 2 has no microtransactions and all items are obtained in-game. (*Note: there are DLC packs with new heists and weapons, but obviously these are optional. You can also play these heists as long as the host has the DLC)I definitely recommend this game to fellow FPS and RPG gamers out there, and if you have your doubts, simply pick it up during its next sale!
First off, I'm going to add a positive review for this game to balance out all the unfair negative reviews. I want to being by saying that the actual game itself is nothing short of a masterpiece. If you enjoyed Blood Money's massive sandbox expanse, with numerous methods of assassination, then this is definitely going to be enjoyable for you. It is a substantial departure from the linearity of Hitman: Absolution.However, it is far from the perfect game. I will agree with a lot of the points raised by those who have posted a negative review, which are:-Always-Online DRM (which causes kickbacks to the main menu if you disconnect)-Confusingly unnecessary 'Episodic' model-Poor PC performance & optimisationJust keep in mind, that the game itself is not the problem. The game itself is actually incredibly enjoyable, and that is how we will feel about it in a year's time, when the game is complete. The issues all arise from temporary issues. (poor optimisation , always-online DRM [which unfortunately will not likely be changed] and the lacklustre business model.)I will add to this review later.TL DR: The game is good, but the release hasn't been. Buy it next year if you're patient. And open your eyes and stop giving it terrible reviews.
I definitely asked for this.
