Five Nights at Freddy-'s... what can I say.. This game is unreal. Unique mechanics that will keep you going and going the whole 6 in game hours you play per night. Flicking between cameras, flicking lights, closing and opening doors... really, it-'s an experience you have to try for yourself to really get into it. With Freddy Fazbear and his little buddies around, plus that blasted pirate, you-'ll find yourself in a lot of tense moments. Who knew that Jehovah-'s Witnesses could build animatronics? It-'ll scare you here and there to start with (I lost count of my own heartbeat I think), and it can continue to make you jump no matter how many times you try to play it through. But there-'s that feeling of joy too. The joy of actually finishing a night and not being sent 6 feet under by a bunch of machines in animal suits. In regards to the fear; here-'s my best tip; -Don-'t worry. They-'re only going to scream at you-. Take that as you will, maybe it helps you, maybe it doesn-'t. The bright side of all that is you don-'t see the rest happening. It-'s not as bad as it could be, right? See how you go with it honestly, if you-'d want to buy it. I took a dive in, and I-'m back after the five nights!Five nights... in one night, and it-'s almost 2AM in real time.. Let-'s just see how well I sleep tonight.tl;dr - If you need a scary game that can be a real rush at the same time, go here
What to say about Rise of the Triad... first off, who likes a bit of fast-paced action? If that answer in your head (or out loud if you bothered) was a yes, perhaps read on here:ROTT differs from a lot of the modern day FPS games that most know of in the fact that it offers the factor of intense action in its own unique sorta way. Weapons of all sorts, Powerups, Jump pads, a soundtrack whcih some would love (including myself) and even some fairly decent platforming (Platforming in an First Person Shooter?! Yes, that's right folks). With similarities to age-old games such as Doom, Quake and more importantly Rise of the Triad's previous version, the game offers levels that though somewhat linear in fashion still offer a challenge to players. On top of the normal gameplay, you may find yourself stumbling across a hidden room with some extra secrets or even an Easter Egg thrown in by the devs. Depending on how hard they are to find, discovering one of those can be a rewarding time of sorts, speaking from my own humble opinion.. To begin with on release however, the remake did in fact have some bugs and issues (as most new games would have which is understandable), but the developers at Interceptor have been working at ROTT after its release and have managed to work out what appear to be a lot of the kinks. I've stuck with the remake since its release and have a feeling that Interceptor is making quite a good first impression to me as a game-developing group with what they've set up here. I might just keep an eye out on any other games that Interceptor works on in the future if such happens. To sum up quite a long and drawn out reccomendation of Rise of the Triad, I'd say that the game itself can be worth your time if you're looking for something a bit different or creative... Dare I say a bit 'Ludicrous'?
