Right first and foremost, if you-'re expecting an adventurous, first-person, action packed game of sorts; apologies this isn-'t what this game is about and you should stop reading from this point onwards.Think of it as an interactive movie.Literally just finished the game at the time of writing this review I-'m almost speechless, so please understand if things said seem out of place.Now attempting to make this spoiler-free as possible; the story explores the games created by an enigmatic game developer by the name of -'Coda,-' the story not only explores Coda-'s games but Coda as a person, his thoughts and emotions.The game truly is thought provoking. Both in real-life and in fiction there is a person, definitely not your average man but an enigma who pursues a field in art or similar, for example an expressionist (or in simple terms an artist). Such people instead of speaking their thoughts and feelings, they put it into their work, in such a expressionistic sense. Take for example the -'Scream-' painting by Edward Munch, although not immediately obvious the painting portrays -nature-'s scream- as Edward has coined it, one day Edward walked down a bridge, and the sun began setting in a bright red color, at that moment he sensed nature-'s scream hense the blood red skies in the painting. This exact same situation occurs in The Beginner-'s Guide where Coda expresses his thoughts and emotions into his games, his games can be interpreted as art of sorts. The narrator desperately tries his best to dig deep into the true meanings behind these mystic games, just as a normal person would to an expressionist-'s painting, but when he does pick them apart for what they really are it-'s just captivating. We-'re talking about the psychology that came when Coda created such games, and from my perspective Coda had a lot of thoughts contained. Coda didn-'t put much thought into his games when it came to an overall objective of a game, but instead he had messages. Everything in these games are designed the way they are for a specific reason.I also feel like this game reaches out to those experiencing anxiety, depression or isolation rather. Some of the messages left behind to me are the epitome of such a person experiencing the above.This game is certainly not for everyone, casuals may gain little or nothing from such an experience, but if you-'re a creative individual or pursue things like creative arts this is for you.
