Like a fine wine, Final Fantasy IV is a game that has aged remarkably well over the years. I can't ask for a more stunningly gorgeous reimagining of this landmark game. Perfect example on how to remake a great game up to modern standards. Definitely a must buy.
Amazing game, full of original ideas for its time, epic story line with loads of side quests and hidden bosses. Between the story, the beautiful graphics, music score, and the insanely enthralling card game mini-game, Final Fantasy VIII does the series proud. This is the RPG that proves if you got a great story and solid characters it can still be a damn good game despite some glaring flaws. This is the best and most memorable game i have ever played, and everybody who loves RPG games will without doubt love this game. First laid eyes on this game on my 11th birthday, my dad got me a ps1 and this game. Grew up playing it. This was the game that would spark my love of gaming and the rpg genre. You probably think that you can't trust my review since I'll be blinded by nostalgia but I played this game again recently and loved it. Played, loved and obssessed on it as a child. Played, loved and obssessed on it as a manchild.It has a good mix of humor and seriousness, the combat system works well. This game is LONG, taking over 50 hours just to get to the middle of the game, if you haven't played the game before. Must buy.
Time to make grown men feel again!I kinda liked being in high school again. I felt a little nervous and nostalgic the first time I left the classroom and entered the hall way even though it was just a game XD <3 Any game that can make me feel like that deserves a 10/10 rating and to be bought the ♥♥♥♥ out of. Much feels.-ufeffMUST BUY! No doubt about it. 10/10
I love this game due to it's replay-ability.  Warframe is stupidly addictive fun. Any game that keeps me coming back for more is well worth my money.  It takes quite a while to get into it, but it's worth it over time. The best part of this game is that it gets updates almost every day which is really surprising and that I'll give a 10/10 on how active the developers are.Doing missions in-game while online can either be fun or annoying. You will occasionally be paired with an entire team with highly upgraded gear and mods, that kills every enemy in sight before you can even catch up to them or reload your Attica because you just emptied it on dead ragdolled enemies they left behind. Still a must play though.
Masterpiece, to me this will always be one of the best RPG of all time. When I saw it back on steam there was never a doubt that I had to purchase it. Didn't even think about it. Just bought it.I purchased this for nostalgic purposes and didn't even really think I could get back into the game after a decade, but I did. It feels good to be reminded that a great rpg just needs a great story. The graphics are a bit outdated but FF7 still manages to tell a phenomenal story that is much better than most of the RPG's out nowadays.I remember playing this when it was first released. Boy did this game change things. It was this game that got the attention of even the most casual gamer. Must buy.
Briliant. The job-leveling system is a bit odd at first, but I couldn't stop playing as I really wanted to get the next job sets, and ultimately every single jobs. Just gotta have 'em all. There's just so much depth and richness to the experience. Solid game. Must buy.
