Counter-Strike is just one of those games that lives on in the world of gaming, and few equal its prestige in competitive gameplay and esports. Global Offensive is the best edition so far, and despite using the same maps again and again it dosen't seem to get old. New people, trial and error of past play, and the situation thats right in front of you changes the game for you despite it being a map you've played over and over again The fact that you only get one life, just makes you jumpy and worried about what could be around ever corner which is a good thing as you respet the one life your given and try your best, as you would in real life, not to lose it.More often then not you play with good people who don't bag you out just becuase you miss a shot, or make a mistake. However just like any other gaming community you do have people who hack, troll and are just plain salty sometimes but when you play online you take those risks. The gun skins just add a extra feel to the game of making each gun your own, with added stickers but it hurts even more when your shot by your own gun. The keys mite be a little more expensive then what you'll get mostly, but i like that at least you have that option. (You know if you have money to spare.) Watching Pro Matches on live streams while depressing that you may never be that god like, its amazing to see what some people can manage to pull off in this game, and gives you some ideas you could try in your gameplay.Lots of servers, and a active community CS:GO is a game you must play at least once.
Crusader Kings 2 i found a little confronting to begin with, however as i learned to manage my vassels, lands, armies and the endless troubles that come with them i found it a rather addictive experience. I know this game won-'t be for everyone but to me theres something in the slow taking of land and the constant threat of it being ununited by rebels, other kingdoms and even your own family that keeps me coming back and playing this for hundreds of hours. For anyone willing to put a bit of time into the game, it will evenutally come to you how to play and react to certin events and a large empire will become yours. DLC like the Old Gods, Sword of Islam and Horse Lords introduce different playtypes into the game that make their cultures different and have new elements that will make or break your realm. Religious tensions, holy wars, revolts, claiment wars, raiding, unhappy family members, taxation, assassination plots, building projects, diplomatic relations, technology research, laws, successions, imprisonment building armies and more, all another day on the throne.The combat has changed a little for Crusader Kings 2 which makes wars longer and more expensive along with an alliance system that stops huge realms from conquering everyone around them, which i don-'t really mind and makes you think twice before attempting war with another nation. I like the history behind the game and your ability to create your own history of your dynasty. Like Tywin Lannister said in Game of Thrones it-'s about -The future of our family- and it couldn-'t be more true for Crusader Kings 2 becuase how you win is by increasing your family-'s prestige above all others in the world, based on every action, every holding and event that takes place. You must forge generation by generation to make your name respected above all others.I will admit however that the DLCs are possibly a little overpriced and could be argued should have been in the game for free, but there are a few that change things up and is worth getting if its on sale. I would higly suggest getting:Old GodsSword of Islamand if you get into the game enoughThe RepublicHorse LordsLegacy of RomeSons of AbrahamRaja-'s of IndiaCharlemagneMuch of the other DLC isn-'t really worth it unless you find it nice in which case i would still wait for them to be on sale.Crusader Kings 2 is a game that requires time to be put into it and if you play online there will be times when everything feels like its falling apart but it delivers an unquie experience and i would recommand it to anyone who likes a bit of strategy in their war games.
