BEST VOICE ACTING EVER.And the actual game is pretty good too.
Awesome reboot of an awesome game franchise.
I got banned from three casinos for winning too much money and came back to rob them with nothing but a golf club, a business suit and a huge stack of drugs.10/10.
In short, this game is Killing Floor with dinosaurs, but subpar. You survive waves of zombies dinos, earn money for killing them and buy progressively bigger and nastier guns with them. Sounds pretty straightforward, and it is. The problems with this game are that it's unbalanced, looks worse than Unreal Tournament 2004 (but still runs horribly) and feels very amateurish for a comercially sold game.For starters, there's only one class out of the 3 you are offered that is actually worth anything, and that is the Assault class (the guy with the jetpack). The other ones have a cloaking mode and a healing gun, but they aren't worth giving up the ability to NOT DIE when you are picked up by a pterodactyl, stop yourself from being mobbed or casually fly around the triceratops that you are pumping full of lead.There are a bunch of purchaseable guns on offer when you finish a wave, but most of them are either too weak or have horrible accuracy/recoil, so expect to use the same guns on every match. Or you could drive around in a warthog-ish buggy and have some guy man the turret (or man it yourself) to become almost invincible to the dinosaurs.There are some things that Dino Horde does right, though. It mixes it up by having you defend generators, fight boss dinosaurs, and move around to different bases, which breaks up the monotony quite a bit, and it is rather satisfying once you get a hold of one of those badass turrets, admittedly.I feel a bit bad for bashing an indie game, and honestly, if you're the forgiving sort, you may get a good amount of fun out of this game, but there are better games you can play about surviving waves of enemies. There are better games about blowing dinosaurs up. There are none to my knowledge about surviving waves of dinosaurs, though, so if you have a fixation for surviving a horde of prehistoric reptiles (perhaps it's the only way you can get it up, i'm not judging you :-D) then pick it up in a sale or something.
This game is really hardcore. This isn't L4D or Killing Floor where you run around killing zeds by the hundreds. It'll take a lot more effort to survive here.How? Well for starters, ammo is much more difficult to find. You better make your shots count. Also, you have to complete objectives and scavenge for supplies. If i'm making that sound simple, then imagine a mob of zombies chasing you while you're doing that. A mob of zombies that shamble around like in a Romero zombie film, but never stop coming at you, can infect you with the zombie virus if you're not careful and like I said before, you've only got a handful of bullets (and also preferably a melee weapon) to fight them with.If you can surmount the somewhat steep learning curve this game has and get a game up with a few friends, it's a ton of fun. It's cool to explore the vast maps, scouring the place with a flashlight looking for that jerry can/key/blowtorch you need to progress. There is no ingame tutorial or solo mode to teach you how to play though, but there are some helpful guides with everything you need to know.Oh, just a word of advice, if you have friends who play this game (or can be convinced to try it out), set up a listen server and play it with them instead of playing on public servers. It's easier to co-ordinate your team that way and a lot better for your sanity.
This game is SO ironic. You can choose -Dumptruck- as your nickname and drive really fast and make hipsters go wild with your irony.10/10 for giving me hipster cred.
This game is very much like Tetris, only it's the exact opposite. 10/10 would reverse-tetris again.
Most disturbing game i've ever played.I think i'm going to have nightmares now.Anyway, good game, despite clunky controls and rather unforgiving difficulty.
Great mod. I liked all the landscape changes, especially. I liked how Shifter, Biomod and the HD character models could be toggled in the options, too.
This game would make a good replacement for sleeping pills if you have insomnia.WARNING: Side effects may include confusion, glitches, diarrhoea, soul-sucking feelings of melancholy and buyers remorse (thank Waukeen I never paid full price).
