I have no words to describe how fun this game is on single player and multiplayer if you have not got it yet i am ashamed get $20 and pay for it you should have this by now
This game is actually digging the Call of Duty Franchise out of the ground for me it is fun the movement mechanics take a bit to get use to and the wepons are well balanced. I am currently waiting for the Awakening DLC to launch on PC and I'm hyped for that. Over all this game is really good andone more thing. When you buy this game Don't be a lil s-h-i-t and play TDM come and play some core Free for All pls.
Squad by far one of the most fun/serious mil sim /fps I have played now sit down and enjoy the storyMy squad Squad1 were running to the Northern objective we noticed an open field and the enemy was dug out in the compound and we decided to put a wall of smoke down and run through it and then into a tree line to cover us until we were at the compund. All entrances were covered excepts for the South-east entrance so we stormed through there clearing the right side of the compund, after an intense fire fight  with the lil american hiding under a tin fence and them meeting with my frag we were the victors at last we took the compound an fortified it, soon after 3 other slow moving squads came to the rescue as it took them the whole game to capture a neutral point with no contacts what so ever. 10/10 would rush the Northern compound again
It is a great game with a lot of senarios and never gets boring it gives youa challenge even on easy. A lot of planning goes into your ship getting to the flagship at the end.
Counter Strike Global Offensive is a great game. I think changes can be made with the banning system for competitive for example not having to wait a whole day to play another competitive match -_-. But thats my opinion. this game is nicley finished with the graphics on medium it still looks just as good as you see teams like Fnatic or Dignatitus play with. I think personaly that Dust || can have much less play time i think ive played over 1000 matchs on the god damn map. the community is great when you are not matched with idiots. The skins in this game are really nice love em' when you finally get that skin you want out of a case the amazment is just great most of the time im speachless but its great. Stattracks are a great idea Valve im personaly not a fan of some of the skins  but most of them are great and good looking and  money can be made $$. The knife, teh knife so rare and they cost so much to buy off the market. Look over all Counter Stike Global Offensive is a great game that i would play all day if i could. If you think this is another COD game your are mistaken my friend it is better than battlefield and COD combined.Over all i would give CS:GO  a 9.5/10 for the simple reason for having to wait so long when beeing banned
Its an awesome game to play with friends and lots of fun to had from ripping your friends heads of to chooping them in half and other really fun game modes SUPER FUN!!! Everyone get it
