After replaying this after the 3.0 patch, and with a fresher mindset, i feel I can give this game a fairer review.In a word, X rebirth, is alright. I really wish steam reviews had a better system than a thumbs up or down, because I do not believe this game to be praiseworthy, but neither should it be within the mostly negative on the steam page.It is not by any means a bad game, but it is not a great one either. I still feel if you are wanting to get into the X series, to start you should play X2: the threat or X3: Terran conflict (or Albion prelude, AP is essentially an expansion for TC anyway) however on its own, X Rebirth stands a good space 4X first person space simulator. It has some nice looking paint, a tutorial that is excellent for teaching new players to the X series (whereas before, the game plonked you into a grand universe, without even controls to do anything, with the exclusion of X3, where there is a flight school, that simply tells you how to move your ship. To start this mission, you must open communications with it, which the game neglets to give you the command to do so) Many people were also afraid of the bugs when it first came out. Most of the serious bugs have now been squashed, and the game playable, there are still errors that can be easily seen, but thankfully none that impact the gameplay massivly (the worst ive seen is a group of NPC ships getting stuck together). Although I feel that Ego was going for a major shift in gameplay, alienating many fans of the X series. I do not think that this was made to be a Space management game. Trading takes too long, and profits made during runs are often not worth the time. However, I feel that Ego was going for a more, action RPG type game, and tried to blend the X formula into it. For example, combat is a lot more profitable now, than in previous games. Repairs for your vessel could cost upwards to a few million credits in any previous X game. Here, it should cost less than 100 grand, no matter your hull. This isnt even accounting for the seemingly Hyperinflation that occured during the time of Rebirth, money is no longer measured in the hundreds of thousands, but in up to 4 digits. For example, say I had 5,264,194 credits in my account. Any previous game would show that as 5,264,194, here it is shown as 5.264M. It does not go into detail about exactly how much money you have, which would be necessary in a detailed management game. The speed of combat, and the changes in the combat system have also been changed to be a lot more faced paced. Another change to make it into a more robust Action game. There have only been a few instances in which the player was actually given a character, however those were really only referenced in the main plot missions, and then it was simply by name most of the time. Here Ren Otani (thats you) is not only given a name, but a voice and a very slight personality. He can walk around on ships, engage in talks with other people, and the player now actually thinks about who it is driving their ship, rather than the mystical being who manifestes as a space suit.I shall be continuing this review as i get further into the game, but for now, a TLDR section.X Rebirth, is not worth $40, it is an okay Space sim, with some light space managerial options and a heavy emphases on combat. It is a good game for new players into the X series to try out to get used to the ideas of how a X game operates, before moving onto a previous title if they are intrested in the management and stratergy of those games. But for now, pick up the game on sale (for $15-20 bucks or less), itll be worth your time if you havent tried out the X series and wanted to learn about it, although this game is not an accurate representation of how a X game operates. Although, space exploration is an absolute pain in this game, and areas quickly become generic.
This is another -game- similar to the likes of the Stanly parable. It is not so much of a game, and more of an experience. An experience, which if you do not do a huge ammount of dawdling and exploration cant last more than 2 hours.The gameplay consists of walking through hallways, listening to a narrator discuss what you are seeing. The only gameplay clearly visible is the use of a simple puzzle as a mean of storytelling (if anyone had trouble with that puzzle, i am curious to know how you continue to function) However, the content taht is within the game is difficult to review. Its a bit like undertale, and other heavy story based games, where if I mention something within the game it will ruin the experience. Overall though i would not say that this was an allright experience, but it feels kind of like something i would have found on the likes of gamejolt for freebies rather than a $10 game. Even so it is still worth playing in my opinion, and at the time of writing, it is the holiday sale which reduces the price down to $6, which can be a more justifiable pricetag in my opinion. Just know that:1. It is not a game2. It is entirely possible, on the first playthrough, to beat the game in about an hour and a half. 3. The ideas explored can be done better, and have a very specific person in mind which would give a great emotional response if you happen to be one of those people (social anxiety) otherwise, it may not be a worthwhile experience.4. For someone to get the most enjoyment you must be soemone who does creative work. Not specifically games, you could be an animator, artist, designer, ect. and still get the same expereience as a game dev.  Overall, i would say for the price of $6 i paid for it, i would give it a 6.5/10, however, I beleive that it should still be played for the experience that it offers.
I used to have eyes. Thanks beat hazard forr fixing this problem!
I fought a war with Sergals and won against the United nations space command (Halo), the Ultramarrines (Warhammer 40K) and then the galactic empire sent a ton of star destroyers at my base.10/10
Why havent i reviewed this game yet?X3, in its rawest form is a first person, 4X, Space dogfighting simulator.Most people would look at this and have no idea what to make of this, so i shall try to explain. TLDR: X3 is a fantastic game that will test your ability not only in space combat, but on how you will interact with the universe given to you. Interpreting the engine, which is able to change based on the ecomnomy is key, just as being able to survive in a fighter engagement.X3, isnt like other games in that it does not hold your hand, nor does it reveal everything within the manual (although it shows a whole lot, do not play without reading it!). Instead it throws you into a world, and you are expected to excel. To do this, you are going to need a whole lot more than that awful scout and freighter the game gives you at the start. What you need, is to make money.You may ask youself, self, how do i make money?Well, see that factory over there, its running low on some meatsteaks, and are charging a high price for anyone who can sell them some, and there was a place not that far back that had a load of meatsteaks and well selling them like organ trail bacon, 4 cents a pound. Soon enough people start noticing you and start asking for your help, either transporting people, assasinations, defend a sector, ect. Now you have money! Now self, what do i do with money? You buy another freighter, but this one, can make money by itself, because you set it to find good prices on wares and sell them at high prices. NOW I HAS EVEN MORE MONAY! Anything else i can buy?See that area of space, its really low on wheat, now if only a smart entrepeneur were to build a wheat farm over there, and start selling wheat to those stations? I can imagine a large flow of money comming in through that.Wait what? -one of your ships is under attack- what does that mean? Why is my ship gone?What, you thought it was going to be that easy? There are nasties out there in the universe, not just the ones that spawn in from those missions. Pirates have to make a livin too, and you didnt by chance manage to annoy any of the big races did you? Dont worry, if its pirates, you can invest in guards for your freighers, and they-'ll be able to fight off those pirates. Also, make sure whilst you at it, stay away from the xenon.Okay, i get it, make money to make more money, but is there anything else i can do?Yes there is! have you been doing missions and trading with those other races? By now you must of gotten a plot mission!  The rewards for these are pretty neat, and you get to see what the other people in the galaxy are doing. If you do enough, you get your own sector to call home, and can stop the war between the Terrans and Argon (that is, if you want to, you could just pocket some extra money and call it a day, or you can have an EPIC BATTLE between a massive fleet). If you get bored with that, just create your own mission. Mine right now is to have a dominating force in all xenon sectors, effectivly removing them from the game.Okay thats cool, but what ships can i fly?Almost all ships that can be seen, can be flown, the only exception to this rule is the Pride of albion. Otherwise you can fly anything to a supermassive Carrier that can dock another carrier into its cargo bay, to a speedy scout that is able to outrun missiles. There are 9 types of ships in the gameM0 - Super Destroyers.M1 - Carriers (docks other fighters into it)M2 - Destroyers (heavy firepower, extremely tough, but slow)M3 - Heavy fighter (fast, able to carry a large ammount of weapons and is somewhat tough)M4 - Medium fighter (Very fast, able to carry a small ammount of weapons, and is weak)M5 - Scout fighter (SANIC SPEED, able to carry very small weapons, and a breeze could blow it up)M6 - Corvette (A mix between a M5, and a M2)M7 - Frigate (A mix between a M3 and a M2)M8 - Bomber (a fighter, which has the ability to carry missles that can destroy M2s and up, as well as M7s and M6s.)Wahh, the ships are so expensive! The game is not meant to hold your hand, you want to fly a fortress of doom, you earn it. ITS TOO COMPLEX! what even is everything.Take it slow, remember, the game gives you everything you need to sucseed. You do not need to learn how every peice of the economy works together straight away, the universe map is explorable for the reason that if you knew everything, you would not know where to start, and even if the controls are confusing for you, look in the options menu, or via how i learnt how the game controled back in X2, Mashing the keyboard until something does something.
First things first. This will not replace your desktop, no matter how much you try.It is just too inneficent to replace a wall with icons to double click and open up nearly anything with a 3D enviroment that will take time walking inbetween shortcuts. The only scenario where i think AA will be faster, is in the case of a webcomic, where instead of going to a website, click on the icon, wait a second, and it opens up on your 3D desktopYou are playing this game, because you want points for style. And my, is there much style to be had here, even with the basic game. One example i can give is if you find a good enough map, you can make rooms for different items. Remember, this game can be mounted onto other source games, meaning you can use those maps. A good thing to do would be to go into the Gmod workshop, and find a good map, mount Gmod onto AA and build a map from that. Whilst you are on the workshop, look also for ragdolls, models, and other objects you would want to put onto your map. My map has tanks from warhammer 40K, Legendary Pokemon, an artificial forest, all on a star destroyer. All with all my games, creative software, movies, music ect. neatly catergorised and placed onto the map, from which i can see all visually, rather than having to explore a music library, or look down a list of my steam games, (of which i have hoarded over 100 now). I even have a room dedicated to comics that i had bought on comixology, and I can read them, straight from that room.Anarchy Arcade like many have said, can be considered a Mancave simulator. I have to agree to an extent. Consider the possibilites of what you can do to this mancave. Do you want a simple appartment? With -quick and easy- access to your items, or do you want to go all out? Put your cave on the moon, on one of those TF2 trade servers (I am working on rebuilding my cave in MinecraftRealmsV2 at time of writing, and will probably post to the workshop when i am finished working on it), on a star destroyer, or even if you really wanted to, create your own map, and share it to the workshop. The source engine allows for that, and its a matter of your skills as to whether or not you want to do that. Do you want your mancave to be simple videos, posters, music, or do you want Guards, Tanks, a sphinx, or my personal favourite, A scarab from the Halo franchice. TLDR: This is for those who do not care for efficency, and can only be considered more useful when you have too much stuff on your desktop, where it becomes near impossible to read. Otherwise, you can create the coolest desktop/mancave. The source engine allows for that.
Can i recommend Gmod as a game?The answer to that is no, i can not.I cant even say its good by itself. Then there is the steam workshop, and the addons for Gmod. Can i still recommend these as a game? Again, I cant say that these addons are a game, besides the countless addon -gamemode- types that are abundant on youtube. I will instead call it a toybox. A world where you can create your own fun, if you have a creative enough mind. I once made a map where you would need to run through a city, where nearly 100 invincible, instant killing, super fast blue creatures were trying to kill you, to get to a tardis to escape, not only from those creatures, but also now some gunships closing onto the tardis. The safe place was a part of the skybox for that map, where you had a jukebox and pets to keep you company. If you are wondering who were the creatures, and what were the pets, the creatures were deadly, and have a named to be feared. They were known as the -Sanics- (no that is not a mispelling) and i had various eeveeloutions as pets (pokemon). This is one of the scenarios you can create with the mods avaible on the workshop. A few more that are fun are building space empires, selling and buying spaceships, going to a cinema in order to watch youtube videos, survive a zombie onslaught, create NPC wars, Spawn in a powerful NPC and attempt to kill it (my favourite being the guardian from Doom 3). This game is not good by itself. The mods are not good by themselves. It is what you make of them and how you use them is what makes this game good.
The inner world.A game that has reminded me of one of my favourite gaming genres of all time. The point and click.It is hard to find a game nowadays with quite as much charm as the PaC genre did. Characters were often very quirky and memorable, puzzles were often (OFTEN) quite logical and made you think about how your character would think around in the world. The enviroments were stunning and mystifing, and the music was very atmospheric.The inner world, is no exception.The hand drawn animations, may turn some people off, as it isnt utulising the hardware, and making the best possible visuals, but the art style is something that i have not seen before, and it fits the world around it like a glove. The puzzles, while did have some symptoms of adventure game logic, still managed to appear solvable by anyone because everything you need is in the area. Only pixel hunt that i managed to find is an object, which is shown falling during a cutscene. If you still have trouble with a puzzle, the game offers a great hint system, which can either A: give you slight hints, to point you in the direction of what you are supposed to do, or after a fair number of these, B: Flat out give you the answer. The characters in the world are very quirky, silly, and each have their own unique traits that make themselves memorable. You will find yourself getting the achievement -Blabbermouth- (talk to each NPC at least once) fairly easily. The characters, whilst not having a sweeping backstory which tells a vast ammount of detail to give the characters intresting stories, still manages to achieve this in the designs, and the dialoge. (Best example would be the barmaid, who can be seen in the second screenshot, is against the gods of the game, and sins often.) The music is where the game becomes a bit weaker for me. Most of the tracks are fitting and add a lot to the atmosphere. However, there is nothing here that i would probably listen to outside of the game. However, the music is very charming and creative, like the rest of the game.The story is also, a bit weaker than what i would have hoped. However, again it fits the world, the art style, and the gameplay well. For this i cant condemm it much further than i wish it were deeper behind the motives behind the main antagonist, and wish that i could learn a bit more about the world through hidden objects in the enviroments.Also, this game is hilarious at points. The game allowes you to do things out of order, and not have the right answer straight away. For example, in most PaC, there is a solution, you need item X. To get item X, you combine X and Y, and use it on Z. In the Inner world, you combine X and Y, use it on story progresson before using it on Z, and you get a humerous clip showing what would happen. This is what most of the achievements in the game are for. The characters often have funny things to say, and the reactions that some characters have made me burst out laughing. -please, stop crying...- -I CAN CRY WHENEVER I WANT! ):<-Ah, PaCs. Wish there were more of these. The inner world, reminded me of how good they are. If you have never played a PaC before, i implore you to pick this up. Don-'t try and play some of the old PaCs before this. They are still great, in every sence of the word, and some are better than this, but a modern gamer will be very confuzed, as there is a massive mind shift between traditional games today, and that of the past 2 decades. The inner world, did not have that problem. Overall, im not sure whether or not to give this game a score. If i compare it to the PaCs of yesteryear, it would not be a fair score, if i dont, im not being fair in judging it as a PaC. So, instead, im just going to say, buy the game. Its fairly cheap, and it will be a fun playthrough for you.Also, i just wrote a wall of text. Sorry review page.
A game which has the same elements of an RPG, which gets rid of the slow pacing of an RPG of slowly going from one place to another, getting into battles which can last up to a minute, here, about 4 seconds. Much ore faster based, you will have to rely on your wit, and quick thinking to beat this title. You have no time to level up your pokemon to 100, just get it so that you>evil, and attack. Its just so satisfying going through an RPG at blazing speeds, its a game that really needs to be played to have fun.
I have not seen a game that has made me genuinely care for a character since Banjo Kazooie, and that was back when i was young and stupid.
