The cleverest game I've ever played. Basically the whole thing is you and the game's narrator trying to outwit each other. It's a unique experience and something that should be played by anyone who ever thought about game's as... Something more.
This game is simply baffling to me. I really, properly don't even know what to make of it, or what my opinion truly is on it.It's strange because sometimes I absolutely despise it, with it's glitches and it's lack of polish. And other times I find myself really enjoying it! Completely immersed in the world of Doctor Who and completely freaking out over the fact that I GET TO FLY THE TARDIS or the tiny, little thing that is USING THE SONIC SCREWDRIVER.Let me go into a little bit more detail... This is a bundle of 5 games that were originally release in 2010 and 2011 episodically. They are all set during the early Matt Smith era of the show, back when he was travelling with Amy and, later, Rory. Each 'episode' is about 2-5 hours long, and is a unique plot written by several of the show's writers, such as Phil Ford. The script's are perhaps the best part of this game, as they are, for the most part, as interesting and well-written as the script for an ordinary episode of the show. This sense of authenticity is enhanced by the use of the show's actual cast to provide all the voice acting. Matt Smith, Karen Gillan and Arthur Darvill all do great jobs and slip back into their characters without any effort whatsoever.So, that's the good. Now, for the bad... And brace yourself, because there's quite a lot of it to get through.This game was made on a teeny, tiny budget by a very-inexperienced team. So the whole thing look's, quite frankly, appaling. There are just 4 graphics settings in the main menu, and none of them look at all comparable to even the most low-budget game released in the past 5 year's. This lack of polish also extends to the gameplay, where glitches and clipping abound. The otherwise-excellent cutscenes also, unfortunately, suffer because of this.Oh, and then there's the gameplay... Now this is the bit that baffles me. As I said before, sometimes I will find myself having a lot of fun with this game, and that's mainly because I am a massive Doctor Who fan and there is a certain thrill out of doing things like exploring the TARDIS or outwitting the Daleks. I am a big fan of this series, and it's obvious the developers are too. The amount of love that has gone into this game is obvious right from the outset. The enviroments, while ugly to look at, are packed with details and little, obscure refrences. But, as fun as these bits are to play for me, they still can't save the rest of the game from falling into the pit of mediocrity. Take the stealth's sections for example; They're okay, mechanically, but a lack of depth really holds them back. Basically all you do during these sections is wait for the enemy's cone of vision to pass, before running past them to the next bit. There's you formula, rinse 'n' repeat 4000 times. People have been saying this reminds them of Metal Gear Solid, but I don't see the resembelance. At-least MGS actually has some amount of depth to it's mechanics. And doesn't merely consist of simply waiting for an enemy to pass, before bolting to the exit.Then there's the puzzles. Some of which are clever... Other's? Not so much.The one's that require you to explore the enviroment and mix multiple items together to solve problem's are good fun and really highlight the attention to detail that the devs have paid. Not to mention, they also harken back to old school point 'n' click games, which is great. The more basic, minigame-like puzzles however, can be fed to a pack of hungry Yeti for all I care. (And yes, that was a refrence to The Great Intelligence's footsoliders during the late 60s.)So, overall, what do I think of Doctor Who: The Adventure Games? Well, I'm really torn about the whole thing. As a fan, I certainly got a kick out of certain sections, and the game can be a very fun experience at times. But as a game critic, I have to admit it fails to live up to my standards for a modern video game... Or anyone's, for that matter. While some portions of the game are a lot of fun, other's are just poorly-designed and realised. And these sections drag the whole experience down.Should you buy Doctor Who: The Adventure Games? If you're a Doctor Who fan, and this may suprise some of you, but I'd say 'yes'. If you love Doctor Who and are prepared to put up with some shoddy design and lack of depth, I think you'll have some fun with this. The experience is very true to the show, to the point that it often feel's like you are simply playing an interactive Doctor Who episode, rather then a tradional 'game'.So, yes. If you're not a fan of Doctor Who, you'll think this is an absolutely abhorrent attempt at a game. If you are, then I think you'll be able to look past the flaws, and see this game for what it truly is.
By far the best game in the series since AC2. Deeply immersive and featuring one of the most beautiful and complex game-worlds I've played in this year, AC4 let's you live out your pirate fantasies in full. And I think that's the reason it has that magical spark... The spark the series hasn't had since AC2. The urge to go out and explore.Pros: Beautiful graphics, Solid PC Port, Great Voicework, Stealth Refinements, Wonderful Ship Navigation and Combat, Thick Atmosphere, Hours Of Content, A Massive, Immersive Game-World, SEA SHANTIES!Cons: Uninteresting and Rather-Dull Story, Usual Bugs and Issues With Free-Running, A Large Amount Of Irritating 'Tail' Missions.Final Score: 9/10. A fresh and interesting new take on the franchise, and a real return to form.
An underrated gem. We're still waiting for that damn sequel!
A unique and suprisingly compelling game. If you're after something a little different to the hoards of AAA shooters out there I would definitely give Paper's, Please a try.
I've played the Fallout franchise before. And I've liked it, I've really liked it. But, the truth is, I've never loved it. Until now, that is...I started playing Fallout 3 because I heard it was a bit like The Elder Scrolls, which is one of my favourite gaming franchises of all time. I played it for a bit, and I appreciated it, I enjoyed it, but I never feel head-over-heels in love with it like I did with other games from Bethesda. And to this day, I could never really figure out why. The game was clever, funny, polished, exciting, immersive and most of all, it was fun. But I never really found myself getting sucked into it like I did with The Elder Scrolls... Like I did with this.Maybe it's the setting? The Mojave Desert sure is a lot of fun to explore. Maybe it's the greatly-improved companion system? ED-E, Cass and the rest are great company to have while you explore the Wasteland. Maybe it's the deeper crafting system? Being able to breakdown ammo and guns to raw components and then use those components to build other items or make repairs is very useful indeed. Maybe it's the more complex storyline? The way your playstyle connects and feeds into your reputation with the various factions is very complex, and the characters and dialouge are as well-written and hilarious as ever. Maybe it's the quests? They are an awful lot of fun. Especially once you get up to New Vegas itself and the game starts to open up a bit. Whatever it is, it all boils down into one key component that I thought was lacking in my experience with Fallout 3... Because make no mistake, Fallout: New Vegas is addictive. Like, cancel-everything-and-anything-you-had-on-that-day-just-to-play-a-few-more-hours addictive.You have been warned.
