Now I know everybody loves this game and all that, but I didnt really have a good time with it. Yes, it is probably one of the best co-op zombie games, but I just dont really like it. Theres no real story to it (I guess there shouldnt be) but I personaly think this game is overated. But playing with friends is cool and thats when I only really enjoy it a little bit. Still, not that great. But there are cool features about it, and im pretty sure you love it. 5.5/10. But ill still recommended it to you, cause you-'ll probs have a -blast- with this game.
Funniest game I've played in along time. You really need to play it with a mate and if you just have fun you would say this mod is 10/10, which is for me.
This game is pretty sick, and I've also put 90 well spent hours of my life into this game. Its a game that you keep on wanting more, and more will come! 10/10
Not the best shooter, nor will you have the -funniest- time you can get out of an FPS. If you’re looking to have fun with mate or just by yourself, play, BF4, COD (Not ghost) or B2. I found that the actual shooters elements of the game is dull. Yeah, you got skyhooks and things around you, which are very handy, but the amount of enemies I had to face was annoying and at times, boring. You also can only have 2 weapons at a time. But what I did like was the power ups, which all had different uses. But for half the game I used like 2 of them, which I think they-'re is like over 7 or something. So why is this game so good? This game really shines, and is utterly unbeaten, with its engaging storyline. What a story, I never thought a game could engage me and make me care about the characters like this. I kept pushing on the average shooter because of this story. Also, there is a lot of freedom for the play, or as it seems. The graphics is more than good and the city is really awesome to, which you get to explore bits and pieces of the downtown dark alley ways to the wealth and good looking streets, parks, houses and more. So overall, this game is a masterpiece in its own right, and has defiantly set a new started in terms of storytelling games. (P.S. The ending will blow you away and I played most of this game on the PS3)8.5/10
