An amazing game. If you are checking this game out for the first time then please don't be put off by how the game is in Early Access. I truly love this game and it is almost 10 times better with friends (and my personal favourite games are games i can play with friends). If you like a hard as ♥♥♥♥ game than this is the one, but don't let the annoying cannibals put you off there are a few ways around the problem ;)10/10. Fk off son i'll find you in my own time.
I love rust. Though i get ♥♥♥♥ing gangbanged everytime i make any attempt at a base but it's mostly my fault since i make ♥♥♥♥ bases. A lot of people constantly complain about the Rust community and about how nobody is friendly and even if you find some friendly then 50 KOSers will ♥♥♥♥♥ reck you 10 minutes later. I think that makes Rust better cause it puts you on your toes. People will start being more creative and start making more complex and harder to raid bases. And anyway what do you think would happen in the real Post-Apocalyptic world.
Civilization 5 or how i like to call it Civ 5 is one of the best strategy games I have played like The Total War franchise this was just amazing and addictive what more to say other then this game should be on your wishlist or shopping cart.
I would reccomend Dayz to anybody who likes a good zambie survival and doesn't care if the graphics are not the best in my opinion it is one of my favourite games and i would have no choice but to give it a 10/11PS.Check out my youtube channel =)
♥♥♥♥ you. Like what the ♥♥♥♥ is this pile of ♥♥♥♥ it seemed great when i bought it (and then i played it and ♥♥♥♥ing puked). There is a group of guys from thailand who have modified this game and have their own servers for it which are millions of times better than this ♥♥♥♥. You ♥♥♥♥ing devs couldnn't do as much as those thai guys in 100 years. ♥♥♥♥ing RIP OFF please do not buy this even for a joke. Do not support these devs or they may make some other ♥♥♥♥♥.
In my opinion treyarch is doing a terribly shiity job on this game. The optimization is terrible and reminds me of Assasins Creed Unity and the addition of supply drops makes me want to slap whoevers stupid idea that was. Yes i know i barely have any hours on this game at all but it is just so terrible (in my point of view) that i just can't play it anymore and really wish i hadn't had wasted my money on it. Only new features are the parkour additions which in no way make up for the unbalanced weaponry. All in all CoD B3 is a ♥♥♥♥ game just don't buy it you would be better of with CoD4 or even better World at War. those were the days when cod was good.
