Amazing, lives up to expectations of all the other halflife games
A continuation of the epic and amazing storyline of Halflife 2, if you enjoyed halflife 2 you will love this
This game is the record setter for the style of FPS gaming, it is simply amazing storytelling, alright visuals, and extremley long campaign. All good combinations for a successful and undying game.
i Have played Killing Floor for around 2-3 years straight, and only now am i getting a little bored of it. This creation from the unreal engine, is completley satisfying for a survival zombie game. ALTHOUGH it is not a traditional zombie survival game, its is still the funnest IF NOT THE BEST zed based game i have EVER PLAYED. THe pure comical action with the witty and slandish british comedy that riddles the game is fantastic, and the FPS mechanics are just perfect (although there are a few glitches in the system when changing weapons and such, but this is mainly due to the inferiority of the engine not that actual game, and they are quite bearable)The Visuals are decent, not fantasitic or amazing, but they will satisfy you, for the game itself makes up for that. The gore is perfect, everyshot fired feels real, and satisfying, the headshots that you will lay into the zeds are fullfilling and many. The variety of zeds are also fullfilling, with a total of 10 different types of zeds (this is not including the Patriarch which is a large overpowered macho boss that you will encounter at the end of each match), in which all are completley different from one another. In the tradition of zombie survival games, the multiplayer capabilities are just great, they are solid, perfected and polished. A total of 6 players can be in a server at a time, to which there can be one of each class (exempt one). There are seven different classes to which are all different in which all can have class specific weapons (although the support specialist and the commando seem to be quite similar).There are 5 diferent difficulties (begginer, normal, hard, suicidal, hell on earth) to which their titles suggest exactly what they are, the first two difficulties are fairly easy to take by yourself if you are a faitrly experienced player, but the rest are quite difficult EVEN FOR A FULL SERVER OF GOLD RANKED PLAYERS (also whichin each class there are six ranks (the sixth is gold)). There is definalty great replayability in this game, as to reach gold rank it will take you quite some time. Personally for me to get to a gold rank demolitionist took me around a year for playing around 4 hours an afternoon (and not every afternoon), but if you do not want to put in the hours for the reward, there are a variety of FARMING maps in the community, and ever since steam created the workshop for KF, the community has grown greatly.I give killing floor a 7/10. (ALSO KF 2 IS COMING OUT SOON! AND LOOKS GREAT, YOU MAY WANT TO WAIT FOR THAT IF THIS DOESNT CATCH YOUR FANCY INSTANTLY)
