No game has made me Cry until this Game. Any game that can do something like that is a Good game.
Ever Wanted to?: Smoke cat nip Then Cut off ALL of someones limbs in Slow motion with a pair of hedge clippers all before they hits the ground? Or Walk into a Terrorist training Camp then procede to chop all there Heads off with Boomerang Machete? Or how about fight a man Dressed as a giant Ball Sack With an M4A1 with a cat used as a Suppresser? No? Well Why the hell not? Well anyway you can do all these things and more in Postal 2..... Plus any Game which allows you to ♥♥♥♥ on stuff Already has the possiblity to be a Great game.Better than Hatred/10
(Please Note i played most of the game in offline more)I cried: Season Two, but in all seriousness the walking dead: season two is an excellent game and proof that gaming can be a viable from of story telling and a great one.The game is a bit shorter then the first one but over all it is fine.If you have played the first one i would completely recommend it, if you have not then play the first game first otherwise you won't understand any of it. Only negative aspect is the sometimes annoying quick time events which the game uses in action sequences.Over all i give this game a 9/10 true stroytelling master piece
W-Why? Why would you make this game?
The Bootleg rifle: Massive magazine, medium rate of fire , medium damage, low acurracy, medium stability, low concealment, medium threat.                   This is basically a smaller lmg, which is great because you get to use iron sights and don-'t have to worry about movement speed as much, while still having the room clearing potential, the accuary is rather low to begin with but can be easily modded to increase to a reasonable amount.                              The Anarchist perk.                 Replace some of your health with armour, regain armor from killing enimies. This perk deck is great because it can essentially let you become a-mini tank-, being able to have heaps of armor but still being really mobile.                The Wing Butterfly knife.        Pretty average melee, same stats as most other knives but has a awsome charge animation.                Sydney. I love this character, i know people might find her high pitched voice annoying, but i like it. Maybe it-'s because i-'m australian but i don-'t mind the accent. Easily my favorite female heister.             Overall the sydney character pack is probably one of the better character packs out there would reccomend.
Beats many modern shooters in many ways. Don't let the old graphics or lack of trailer turn you off, this game has aged well. Not only is this a great game but it led to the creation of many more like : Counter strike, Team Fortress and many more which are now there own titles all with future versions. If you don't want to buy this game at least get Black Mesa, a free fan-made version with updated graphics.
Burn Photos, Marshmellows, Toys, Radios, Pirate dolls, Buses, Mini nukes, Robots, Books, Tiny Galaxies, Moons, Mustaches, Razors,ANYTHING!..... Just watch it go up, up the chimney, like everything else......
perfect mix of humor and dark themes, difficult and incredibly fun, truly a gem
