Please dont let the positive review just make you presume this is a good game. I've voted like this because at its core the message regarding the human condition is profound and extremely endearing.But in substance, the game is an exploration of ostentation and pig-headedness. Through showing a unwavering inability to compromise one's views towards the expansion of themselves as a character and ineptness at accepting realities beyond your immediate surrounds - I cant really support what either party in the story stood for, how they behave or how they eventually parted ways. It makes me feel indifferent and like they were both overly expectant and self-justifying - especially in the case of Coda. If you went beyond just accepting what the narrator was feeding you it actually became a little repugnant and unecessary and seemed forced - 6 months culminating in a message to say stop talking to me? obviously he has motives beyond getting you to stop talking to him, Im not him so I wont be a ♥♥♥♥ and say exactly what they were but there was something more inciped - but consider the case of the maze in the tower. It was a point of interest as the harsh manner that it espoused your failure with frustration showed he was just trying to inflict the same pain upon you - a pretty selfish thing if im going to be honest.The outcomes were also petty, changing your ways because they upset you then lingering on how someone else ruined it for you was the epitome of this. Carpe Diem
Save yourself the money and just play the mod. I was excited for this! I really was, dayz minus the frustration of glitching zombies, hackers, infrequent/ very linear item spawning and random spawns/hours spent just running.A year on and guess what, its all still right there and im out of pocket by the 35 dollars. The developer evidently has cashed in and just made off with the money to start his studio and left us all wondering why the hell we put our trust in a guy who effectively got lucky. I can accept the alpha disclaimer - just not after over a year since i bought it with no real improvements to gameplay (no, I dont consider different food types etc improvements when zombies run through walls and you break your legs on ladders).Dont buy this game, its a waste of money and I'm done hoping for the best
beautiful and vast. Daunting and foreboding. Theres not much I dont like about this one
Great visuals, controls and interesting variety of bosses. I initially enjoyed this game.There will always be an aspect of RNG to these games however there are huge flaws which completely destroy this one's fun. Many weapons are ridiculously underpowered, you find yourself trying your hardest not to use them due to how useless there are. The gimmicks and jokes go so far as that a huge number of the guns do more harm than good for you. Also, the same enemies gain a bigger health pool every level. The combination of this and the above factor means that later stages become a really boring grind in which damage is almost inevitable unless you happened to find a decent number of guns along the way (because you'll be running out of ammo on the sponges you face later on).This flaw is fundamental and lack of balance makes the game a tiresome grind above a fun, fast paced shooter like the Binding of Isaac
Wait, this is a finished game?..
Cool retro graphics, interesting characters and plot even though game didnt require them, polished as they come in terms of every aspect of the game and tighter than your mum. 9/10 would bang again
its gud
