A challenging RTS with a twist: all of your units are train cars that are moved around the map via tracks. Unique and enjoyable with a great art style.I was provided a key from the DeveloperI quite enjoyed this game, as a long-time fan of classic RTS titles. It makes for a refreshing change in the genre by taking well known gameplay elements and adding a twist to the movement and management.Whilst an older game, it holds up well despite a lower resolution than you would expect to see these days (something that I found pleasing in a nostalgic way). The gameplay is solid, each unit is unique and can be utilised to render different attack and defence patterns. Enemy AI is about what you would expect from an RTS, challenging but predictable.The art style is interesting and for the most part very effective, although in some instances can make elements on screen a little hard to pick out. That being said, it suits the game well and immerses you into unit management nicely.Well worth a play if you are an RTS fan looking for something a little different in that genre, or just an indie game fan that enjoys a smaller, less frantic game from time to time.
If you were a fan of the previous two games (Arkham Asylum/Arkham City) then this is a fitting exploration into a prequel of those two titles. The gameplay and mechanics will be very familiar and picked up easily (and the AR gliding tests are much simpler!).If you haven't played the previous two titles, you can still proceed with this and only miss a few of the nods to the earlier releases. Being a prequel it obviously occurs before the events of Arkham Asylum. I personally recommend playing the games in release order due to the tighter controls and graphics each new title brings.There are only a few bugs and glitches still present this long after release. I had to restart the game on multiple occasions to clear up various glitches (ie stuck game/mission progression). Apparenly WB do not see these as fairly substaintial problems, since they are still present even after most were reported around release back in 2013. So some mild frustration is to be expected.Overall this is an excellent step up in the series with some fresh(ish) ideas to reboot the franchise.
I haven't played a point & click game in years, so I was a little hesitant when I jumped into Gemini Rue. I was worried I wouldn't maintain interest enough to complete it. At the end of my second playthrough, I am pleased to say that my experience was the exact opposite.The gameplay is fluid and easy to pick up, challenging at times but never frustrating. The artwork is perfect for the setting with a noir feel that helped draw me into the storyline and continue engaging to find out what would happen next. A must play game for point & click fans, and I recommend giving it a try if you are new to them or returning to the genre.
A quick, fun point-and-click puzzle game with a nice art style. Don't expect much story or dialogue overall, but the atmosphere is consistent and the puzzles are engaging. Grab this on sale or in a bundle for a good 2-3 hours of gameplay to 100%.
I laughed for five hours.Buy this on sale, laugh for hours yourself.
