This is coming from a DD1 fan who played it for a few years non stop.Yes it's not exactly like the original, but thats the good thing about it, who would want an exact clone of DD1 after all this time? Now I am not saying that DD1 is bad, It's brilliant, but personally I think DD2 shines where DD1 failed to do so.Yes it is a bit cheesy that they are selling the same charachters again for dlc, but remember, it IS free to play.If you have played this game when it was pay to play, let me reasure you that it is almost a different game, everything is alot smoother and flows better.One of the only things I am dissapointed in is the lack of upgrading items and pets at low level, which in my opinion let players get used to it before choosing a pet was the most important thing in the game.Another is the lack of harder difficulties on low level players, I love a challenge and was dissapointed to see that the hardest difficulty for my noob mage was Normal. What happened to trying to beat The Deeper Well on Insane level 1 char only?This game is definantly worth getting since it is an amazing game, if i were to put a price on it, I would say around $15-$20 AUD. but since its free there is no reason not to give this a spin.
No Man's Sky is a very fun and addictive game. Full stop.**Don't read this paragraph if you don't care about my thoughts on the negetive feedback.**All the reviews about frame rate are probably people in the minority. Let's face it, If you're enjoying a game I doubt you take the time to write a review on it, carefully critiqing all the problems whilst adding positives. Most, MOST of the people writing bad reviews are people who are upset at losing $59 becuase their PC cannot handle the game. This is just simply because they are upset, powerless and mad so they rant about every bad detail about the game spouting not to buy it. If the game worked they would probably not write a review.(I have a GTX 1070 and It runs everything on maximum at 60+ frames. (I have not tested above 60 frames because my monitor does not support higher.))Gameplay:The game starts you off in your own galaxy where you get to skip around naming and discovering things as you please. If you don't like adventuring and prefer to stick to quests in a linar form, do not buy the game, this is not Star Citizen early acess. The amount of glee and joy I simply get from seeing that something I found is now entitled to me and anyone who stumbles accross it will see my name is amazing, there are no words to describe the exitement it brings. Everything is easy to understand and discovering things other players discover only spark more curiosity points for me.Space Stuff:Traveling in space is allright I guess. The ship controlls are alittle clunky and slow if you're using a mouse (I recomend having a controller plugged in just for flying.) Space travel is fair and not abusable as you need quite a rare material to travel further. Space battles are immensly fun, Almost as goot as SC.Extras:The music in the game is amazing. It knows exactally what to play when and how I will react to hearing it. I love it.The menu is very similar to that of Destiny for the Xbox and PS4.There is still alot this game can offer. If you don't know if you should buy it, don't. The game will only get cheeper as more stuff is added.This game at current for me is a 9/10.It's my opinion, if you don't like it then you don't have to listen.
2 Spooky 4 me
