In the present day 4 people set out to steal from banks, Run from the F.B.I, transport coke, fight off the swat and much more. You follow 4 people in PAYDAY 2 called Dallas (The thinker), Chains (The muscle), Wolf (The technician) and Hoxton (The ghost). As the player we get to select which character we wish to play as but it doesnt stop there. You can pick the skills you want your character to learn, The mask he wears, The guns he uses and the way he enters. Payday 2 Is brilliant with its coustomization of masks and guns making your character 1 of a kind and the guns can effect the results of the robery, Hold off or escape. The game missions will always change by either changung the postions of the vaults to adding more guards to adding more cameras and other possiblities. It would be near impossible to explain all of the changes this game can do with just a click of the restart mission button. To be honest at first i thought this may be like Payday:The heist so i was kind of put off but i watched some videos and read about it and now playing it it feels like the creators have listend to the fans and have improved the game. From missions to your safe house everything feels like it never gets old. Lastly, one feature that caught my eye is the card choice. If any of you reading this have played with me you will know that i love this bit. It allows you to get items which cant be obtained through normal assestes e.g kill 100 SWAT, Rob 50 banks ect. You get given 3 cards and you have to choose one  and the results vary. From new gun attachments to new masks this method never gets old. And the best bit is it usually happens when you complete a heist so you get money and other things yay. Oh and money is more usefull, You can now buy alot of equipment now so insted of just getting it for looking purposes you can spend it on paint for your masks or weapon mods. From characters to gameplay the game never lacks to impress me. Only problem i had was a bit of lag but if you do have that there is an option to turn the graphics down so it runs nicer and smoother. If your thinking of getting PAYDAY 2 go ahead it is brilliant and you wont regret it! Thanks for reading!
The Battlefield series has got to be one of the most detailed FPS i have ever played and battlefield: Bad company 2 is no different! The game has some amazing physics letting you use your surroundings as a lethal weapon. Also, the graphics on this game are crystal clear showing you in HD how war effects your surroundings. There are also a wide range if different characters from serious to being funny, to stupid to being very clever! And we cant forget about the guns and vehicles. The guns are highley detailed and fit perfevtly into the game adding more realism to the game. And the vehicles have had alot of attention on them too seeing that they look amazing too! The story is perfect for any new beginers to the series and the multiplayer is just pure beautiful! If you are wondering wether to buy this game you should definetly but this one in the cart and check it out because i can guarantee endless fun with this game! Wether fighting the terrorists off in story or capturing towns in multiplayer you will have something to do in this game! 5/5 from me! Thanks for reading
This game is a great laugh to play with friends and other players. From living a normal life to building a new invention, garry's mod has millions of different possiblities to explore and do. Definetly worth buying!
If you like your history and your planes then this game is the perfect game for you. With friends this game can be fun but also serious. The only problem is probly the controll system because of the mass amount of buttons to press. But apart from that i recommend you download this game considering its free!
