This game is the for all the preby 6 year olds who like the Jedi & there preby lightsaber battles, this is for the people who like the gritty millarty aspect of star wars.The movies view the stoy through the heroic eyes of the Jedi, this game views the story through the eyes of a battle hardend clone trooperYou play as a leader of a squad of clone commando's & go deep dehind enery lines, fighting many differant types of battle droids, trandotions & Genotions.This game is good, get it, if your a preby lightsaber fan get knights of the old republic
Great game!!! Think simulater,RPG & RTS so if your into (TES) the elder skroll, (TW) total war or a realistic game then this is for you. You can command troops in battle but at the same time you can take matters into your own hands. Theres plenty of costomization in turms of armor in (MBWB) mount & blade war band & fire & sword but I should say the (NW) Napolionic war lacks the single player element but if you join a (REG) regment then your multi-player alone will make (NW) worth it so I give mount & blade an 8/10.
Holy S@#T this is the best RTS game ever!!! hell the best game ever 5 stars, 10/10, 100% the point is you need to get this!!! forget Rome II this is way better so get off your a@s & buy this game now!!!
not as good as shogun 2 but it has inprooved so don't refer to the reviews because people reviewed it the week befor it came out.All the thing you hear about the AI are not true it is a lot better now so you sould get this game if you like RTS games
good grafics for an rts and it got an aword for most realistic game fo the year get it!!!:(
This DLC adds the Spartans that we want but you can't use them in multi-player!!!If you have seen https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yi9sigONVEk then you would know that Creative Assembly say that it's action packed. NOT TRUE in 3 hours of play I do 3 battles.I'm not saying don't buy it cause there are some good features like Sparta getting good CAV, the Spartans look Badass & now other factions stand a chance against Sparta thanks to some balencing. It's not bad it's just not what I hoped for... 6.5/10
Very happy with it. So far I've had a smoth run, with no crashes, texture bugs or glitches & I'm 9 hours in, the only problem I have had is a slight FPS drop now once an hour, but nothinbg that makes me want to stop playing. It really feels like a Batman Arkham game, there are so many things to do & I wana do them all!!! I would write more in the very positave reiew but I really wana get back in to my game.8.5/10 fantastic!!!!
