Fantastic game. Smooth driving, nice graphics and fantastic gameplay. One of the best racing games out there!
If DayZ and Minecraft were to have a baby it would be called Rust.My first day in rust I was just running around aimlessly until a I came across a few friendlies. We set up camp and built houses next to each other,. We spent the next in-game week making one massive base together with metal doors to protect us from the bandits. Everything was swell until we heard gunshots in the distance. We climbed on top of our house to see what was going on and saw a few bandits in the distance. We thought nothing of it and went back inside. About five minutes later we heard a massive explosion, one of my team said that it sounded like a C4 explosion. We go downstairs and sewe that one of our doors has been blown off. Next thing we know 6 guys in kevlar come into our house holding m4's. We were outnumbered, 3 to 6. One of my mates pulls out a shotgun and shoots one of them in the head and kills them, about half a second later he is lying dead on the floor. One of the guys tells us to drop all our weapons on the ground as the other guys procede to looting all our hard earned goods. I dropped everything I had on me except for a P250 and some ammo. For about 20 minutes the two of us were being led by these raiders along a road when a guy with a bow starts shooting at them. He dies pretty much instantly but it gave us enough time to run. As gun shots whistle past my chest and head I begin to think this is it, I'm done for. We keep running we see some mountains up ahead. We start weaving through the mountains and we eventually loose the bandits. We set up camp and call it home. Over the chat the bandits are yelling abuse at us and saying that they will hunt us down, let us re-spawn and hunt us down again. That was 5 hours of playing Rust, I can't wait to see what happens next.TL;DR An amazing game, so much fun and it's only in early Alpha!
By far one of my all time favourite games. This game gives you a new look at first person shooters. The story is amazing and the characters have so much depth to them. I loved every minute of playing this game.P.S: BJ is a true hero.
A great game, a lot more content than the first game. If you don't have this game already go out and buy it. 10/10
I have never laughed so hard in my life. Amazing, just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ amazing.
Can't believe I haven't reviewed this game yet. Only two words can sum up the experience this game offers, Bloody Amazing
An amazing take on the original game. This mod brings in a multiplayer aspect to the game. It also brings in in-game currency to buy new player skins, gamemodes such as racing and derbies and of course the never ending conflict between players and rival gangs. It is truly amazing and I recommend it to everyone who owns the base game :)
