A friend and I were sitting in the far barracks in the North-West Airfield, after walking through and finding that someone had gotten there first, sharing what little we had found. Low on food and water, but not so much on ammunition, we decided that we-'d head south and loot some towns.We jogged out of the barracks, with me leading, only to see a zombie standing just outside one of the hangar doors. Before I could even say -I got this- the crack of sniper rounds whizzed through the air. Turns out that the zombie was in fact a trigger happy bandit, who was about as accurate as a blind stormtrooper. And so a intense firefight insued, consisting mostly of paranoia and blind firing. After finally filling the stormtrooper bandit with more M4 than was necessary, one of his friends showed up, and turned out to be much more accurate. A much more intense firefight insued, with me getting shot twice and my friend being brutally mudered infront of my eyes. It was then that I thought it would be a good idea to see if I could talk to the stormtooper-'s friend.As it turns out we both thought that the other was a bandit, with the only actual bandit was trigger-happy-stormtrooper. Whilst that made him a bandit by association, he was apparently trying to convince Mr. Stormtrooper to stop his bandit ways, so I forgave him. We helped one another as best we could, then ended up looting my friend, huddling around his corpse like a warm fire (seeing as the stormtrooper-'s corpse had so many bullets in it all of his gear was ruined).I waved goodbye to stormtrooper-'s psychiatrist and we went on our merry ways. Confused as to why the guy that shot my friend was one of the friendliest players in DayZ. I also decided to wear one of the bright blue UN berets, to further prevent mix ups, as a sign that I-'m friendly, or so that it-'s easier to shoot me in the head.
First things first, this game is a really good game. There is a lot of things I like about this game. Crashing planets into other planets is endlessly fun, the graphics are pretty, the music is absolutely amazing, and crashing planets into other planets is really freaking fun (seriously, you can't even begin to imagine how powerful you feel when you essential condemn two planets to oblivion, then watch with anticipation as they approach one another).HOWEVER there are a few serious problems with this game.Starting off small the AI pathfinding is a bit crap. It works most of the time but other times you have this mass of robot trying to crawl over one another. This would be cool if they could actually crawl over one another but they can't.Secondly it seems the AI aren't very protective of their leader, and seeing as when a team loses their leader it's game over for them, is pretty stupid.Actually come to think of it sometimes all the AI can be completely pants on head ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.But other than those small problems there is one collosal ♥♥♥♥ up that makes this game almost not worth buying. That sounds harsh I know, but hear me out.If you want to play this game you need to log in to Uber's servers, which means you need to make an account and link stuff and all that, but that's not the problem. The problem is that if you can't connect to the servers you can't log in, and if you can't log in you can't play, fullstop end of story.YOU NEED TO BE ONLINE 100% OF THE TIME IF YOU WANT TO PLAY THIS GAME!!Continuing on with the problems of having to be connected to a server 24/7 is that you may have serious connection issues. EVEN IF YOU PLAY SINGLEPLAYER YOU GET LAG AND LOSE CONNECTION TO YOUR SINGLEPLAYER GAME!!!! Because it is an online game (ALL THE FREAKING TIME) there is also no saving your game.Think about playing Age of Empires or Empire Earth and not being able to save, and needing a stable internet connection AT ALL TIMES to play. Those games can go on for quite a while depending on how you play, and while I found this game is a bit faster paced (with no real tech line/tree/whatever you call it) it really doesn't make up for it.If you have a stable internet connection and are online always I highly suggest getting this game. But if you don't then DO NOT get it.
