PEWPEWPEWSpace-based-RTS. you build up your planets, you build up your fleet, and then there are a few big engagements and then you win. There are enough different methods you can use to get there, earlygame strats mostly revolve around either getting a fast fleet out to harass enemies or expanding as fast as possible to secore more income. Midgame is where all the big fleet engagements start, with fleets of around 30 ships on each side. balancing production with research and your spead of culture is  difficult, as lagging behind in any one of these will make the lategame painful. Finally, you have the massive engagements. a few hundred ships, 3 or 4 will die in the initial volleys. you can't lose a fight or else all your planets will be bombarded and you will die.I like this game.
-ok, so I go down here, and.. no, that-'s not right. maybe if I go back I-'ll... wait.. that-'s not right either... what if I do this instead? no.. that didn-'t work.. ok surely this time I can... oh. nevermind.-Antichamber:The most mindebending puzzle game you have ever seen. Not particularly difficult as a puzzle, but until you work out how the game works you will stay very confused about everything that is happening.also I now have a headache so there-'s that.
This is not a good game. It is an excellent game.Do you live for taking photos, and enjoy lighthearted videogames about friendship?Well have I found the game for you. It's over there, in some other pile.Oh. You want to hear about this game?Well.This game is for you if you enjoy having your heart ripped out and stomped on. Just a little. If you're the sort of person who empathizes with characters, you will hate this game. You will also love this game. You are going to choose. You are going to get it wrong. You will always get it wrong. Even when you get it right, you will get it wrong. I hope you enjoy your time having your brain give up and your heart break.
When I started playing Dota 2, I was a fairly sane, happy, somewhat successful individual. This game, at first, seemed to be a good way to pass a weekend or sparse afternoon. But as I played, I found myself becoming more and more поглощенный with the different cultures within Dota. Soon I was очарованный with russian игроки. я started to firstpick riki and pudge каждую игру. Мои винрейты dropped, но я весело. Мои товарищи по команде начали to hate меня, Но я не understand. они говорили по-английски. К сожалению , я застрял в этом MMR ад, и не могу выйти , чтобы показать свою истинную талант профессиональных команд .
