So I am no veteran to salt, however I am a veteran towards sandbox titles in general, I have literally been scouring the web and steam for a game that can stand out from the rest with something players all love and crave while giving a new feel. I can honestly say that SALT has really done an incredible job the Dev's I take my hat off to.What I cannot believe is that I was just in time to see some real development in the game, as I began playing SALT just before this update was released, so I was able to see the ship models and textures before. after the update I was blown away by its detail upgrade. Highly recommend SALT and can only assume the best of its potential.I would say 10/10 but as I am only 2 hours in, I will have to give 8/10 until my excitement and enthusiasm dies down. Then my rating can be more accurate and see clearer.first 2 hours of gaming10mins - running running oh a chest12mins - reading craft manual14mins - boat.... i need a boat23mins - i have a boat =D30mins - sailing sailing sailing =D31mins - gathering materials from island to island50mins - spot an abandoned ship51mins - board the abandoned ship52mins - notice i can repair, but do not have materials1 hour 40mins - have materials and repaired pirate ship2 hours - sailing on my pirate ship not caring where I am going just going.looks to repair and own a bigger pirate ship
Honest Reviewfirst thing is first, I have played path of exile for longer than my hours will show for. as I have multiple accounts that have been used/forgotten/mule/etc. but Steam is my main use of the game. roughly 1000+ hours is more accurate.What I can say honestly with Path of Exile is that it really gives you a feeling of satisfaction when you have built a design of a character, put it together over time, and it works. Theorycrafting became a job title and a hobbie. Spending hours on end simply coming up with a character that would win the game without even the currency to make it happen.So what have a done in the game?just about every piece of endgame content, I am still chasing a deathless Uber Atziri Kill, however I have been close on many instances.Pros-----Endless Character builds (it comes down to just how what knowledge you have of the game mechanics)-Passive Tree to get lost in-Guild community (Great game to play solo, but with others is just on another level)-Has Softcore and Hardcore gameplay-New Leagues constantly released / this means a new ladder leaderboard-Player Hideout to showcase your efforts-Leveling Up crafting masters to increase your Crafting options-over 100 achievements-Great ways to trade in game and through poe.trade (31/05/2016)-This is NOT a Diablo clone, and it really holds its own as a fresh and original gameCons-dying in HC can be frustrating -Crafting RNG can make you feel very unlucky at times-Main Chat can be full of random trash talkers/ not alwaysOverall--------So why do i still play?there is still soo much i can get out of the game, and when you least expect it, something crazy might drop, item or currency that will change your gameplay and style. but the satisfying feeling I get fast clearing high level maps at a chance of gaining loot thats so rare it makes you freak out rush to pop it in your inventory portal to your hideout and logout and pause yourself for a few moments to think... i just found a mirror...
got fallout 3 gotye because my fallout 4 has problems, my graphics card isnt good enough, but i can run fallout 3 on ultra maxed... (o_o)
