Make a pickaxe. Run from monsters. Die alot. Wear Fez hats. Best game 2016
I kill people in unturned its fun making kids cry and ruining friendships by betraying people on this pvp server & for some reason everyone -worships- me because I have like 4 mythicals like seriously chill out.
Got this as a gift, I'd prefer it over Call of Duty any day  (͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)  Seeing black kids with their dads since 2015  No I'm not racistWhat am I doing with my lifeGET THIS GAME FOR CHILDHOOD MEMORIES!
Terraria in space with giant ♥♥♥♥♥ monsters. 10/10
Personally, I like it.It's not like I played a ton or anything but its still all gud. I got it early when it was $12 and it wouldnt run on my old af pc. So I got a new one and tried it out. Terraria in space boi. I somehow got anyother copy of the game for free. idgaf what other people say but If I were you I would wait for a sale before buying dis game. Just sayin! If you really want what this game says it gives, Starbound is a better option. But if you really want it wait for a sale. A summer sale. This summer sales its on 3.74 maybe you can buy it. I don't know. Or  If you really dont want to spend money on it come to me. I have a copy I would trade with you. 5/10 Would wander aimlessly again
If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double-crust pie Directions:1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing.
