My last review was a bit short. So now, i'll make it longer!Do you like FPS games? Are you interested in trading and other economical stuff? are you a woman that likes to buy hats, bags and other accessories? Do you like conga? Well, this game has all of 'em!You can be a bussinessman in trade servers! You can be Sonic Heroes in CTF! (DA POWAH OF TEAMWORK!!!!) You can dance all you want with the conga taunt! And last but not least, you can be a woman and buy accessories for your class! It's an all in one game! So, whatever type, gender, skin color, race or species you are, YOU will love this game!!!
Pros:- Nostalgic n stuff- Branching stories- Simplistic yet effective graphics- Fun easter eggsCons:- There is no happy ending- There is no happy ending- There is no happy ending- There is no happy ending- There is no happy ending- There is no happy ending- There is no happy ending- There is no happy ending- There is no happy ending- There is no happy ending- There is no happy ending- There is no happy ending- There is no happy ending- There is no happy ending- There is no happy ending- There is no happy ending- There is no happy ending- There is no happy ending- There is no happy ending- There is no happy ending- There is no happy ending- There is no happy ending- There is no happy ending- There is no happy ending- There is no happy ending- There is no happy ending- There is no happy ending- There is no happy ending- There is no happy ending- There is no happy ending- There is no happy ending- There is no happy endingDon't waste your time. -10/10
What can i say? This game's a pretty fun city management with a sizable amount of political humor attached to it. If you dig those sorts of stuff and don't mind limited character customization, then it should be a solid purchase.I'd pay for it, to be honest.
While the thought of Sonic the Hedgehog being in a car remains as one of the most ludicrous ideas formed by man's imagination, the game itself is enjoyably solid.+Beautiful Graphics+Unique and classic casts of characters+Seamless transition from Air, Sea to Land+Responsive and simple controls even with keyboard+Lost of stages to play in+Boosting is important, but no mastery is required to have fun+Split screen Multiplayer+Amazing remixes-Voice lines are just recycled from old games-Barely anyone is online-Optimization issues-Sonic is in a car, Damn it! Who thought that this was a good idea!?Overall rating: 8/10
If you are wondering if this game would be a cute alternatives to games like -Outlast- or -SCP-Containment Breach-, then turn around. This game starts out cute and cuddly, but over time, it will gladly appear behind you and stab the squirming soul out of your very own raw flesh (not literally). I-'d even argue that Outlast is less scary than this hell of a game, due to how SHoJS makes you feel comfortable before it chokes you using a meat gutter.I-'d say 10/10 for f**king up my sleep.A more detailed review below:Graphics: It has a 1995 3D game style on it, with little amount of curves used for the level-'s architectureStory: Go in mansion, figure out crap, escape. Simple enough. But you can find more information on the events that occured in the mansion though the CAT-DOS or just general notes.Difficulty: Played SCP-Containment breach? Well, it-'s kind of like it, except for a few things.Enemies: They start out cute, taking forms of paper cut-outs that jumpscares you thoughout the game. But it gets darker...Characters: Spooky > Elizabeth (Bioshock Infinite). There are also some minor characters that are mentioned through -notes n-' stuff-Gameplay: A classic round of -Enter room, leave room- style of gameplay that does convert itself into -something else- later on in the game..Combat: Didn-'t get there yet. I-'ll have to ask a friend for this one.Scare factor: Play while sitting in the toilet just in case. (Translation: EXTREMELY SCARY AS IT GOES ON)Music: Title screen is catchyOverall: If you like horror games, buy it. If you don-'t, get HuniePop or something. I won-'t judge.
After playing for around 17 minutes and then requesting a refund for it, i can say that this game is worth the full price.Let-'s just start with what everyone would see on their first time opening the game, the main menu.Its design really reminds me of Dota 2, for better or for worse. On the technical side, it sure is helpful, with the addition of a slickly-designed menu and an easy way to watch matches, something that is hard to do in other source games like TF2 and CS:S. It also has this badass theme to go with it, which you can change by buying more music packs. Hooray for money loss!For the negative part of it, well, i hate the change of the main menu design. It doesn-'t feel like a Half-Life game (which it isn-'t) and it really gives me a headache since my brain is kinda dissapointed with the simply complicated look. I very much prefer the complicatedly simple menu design used in Half-Life, Half-Life 2, Counter-Strike, CS:S, Gmod, TF2, Portal and also (debatably) Portal 2.Now, onto the gameplay, shall we?Since i can only inspect the game for, like, 5 minutes, don-'t take my full word for it.It really feels like CS:S all over again, and that-'s not a bad thing. In fact, i kinda like it. And armor is automatically bought, if i-'m not wrong. It might just be the server, since i was playing on casual.The damage system is the total opposite of DoD:S (which i haven-'t played yet). The easiest way to kill someone is to shoot their head, as bodyshots prove to be quite useless, especially with SMG-'s.And about the voice acting, it sounds russian, at least the ones that i-'ve heard. Really fits the accusation of servers being filled by Russians. Or it might just be a coincidence. Eh, who knows?And the community? Boy, this is the one where most people turn their heads around.From my short time playing this game, here-'s a short summary of what people said in chat:-NOOB--GG NOOB--WTF NOOB-XD NOOBS-See the similarities of most chats? Yup.The players seem to be unforgiving towards newbies, but what game isn-'t am i right? While i haven-'t met any screaming Russian kids, i have been playing with some Indonesian peeps who actually sounds like he-'s sane, if i knew how to speak their language.This review isn-'t complete, of course. I-'ve only played this game for a short amount of time, and now i-'m waiting for the funds to enter my steam wallet. And i might have contradicted my past statement saying that CS:GO is worth its full price.Truth be told, i-'m planning to buy Sonic CD.Don-'t judge me.
tl;dr: This game is not awesome, but it captures your heart with simplicity, humour and a few sadness.And Jorji. Don't forget about Jorji.Papers, please is NOT your ordinary game.Is it awesome? No. But it's interesting.It has a simple, yet interesting story that will bore you to death if you're not interestedin stories but will keep you asking for more if you dig these stuff. I'd love it even if it is a novel.The game mechanic is seemingly easy (check papers, deny, repeat), but it isn't.This game actually makes you think about checking, double checking and triple checking.Not only that, but you would also have to think about your decisions to either follow the rules or have a heart.I just love how you can make such choice in a game. It may be just an illusion of free will, but still... (no rhyme intended)From all the seriousness, you can also get humour, romance, thriller and suspence.And unlike most steam games, it's so tiny! Like a mini squid girl!This game also has a nostalgic 8-bit graphic. I love that.But from all this great things that i said, there must be something negative!But what?Well, here's one:This game is NOT for perfectionist.Why? Because there is one citation that is forced into your face. (damn you, Jorji)Other than that small thing, it's a pretty boring game that is totally worth your time unless you like mindless action.I will recommend this to deep thinkers, but not RATATATATATATATATATATA-ers (FPS peeps who hates thinking)No offense. I love you guys too.
Should i make a honest review for this game? Nah!I killed the Michael Bay turdles as Jake the Dog. ⑨/BAKA Would fight againGoat simulator is the perfect way to show your hatred to Michael Bay!Okay, time to be serious.All this game is designed for is to kill time. That's all. Nothing else.This game, surprisingly, is doing a damn good job on that.Seriously, whenever i play this game, i could lose 1 hour of life so quickly.I am not kidding. TF2 would usually waste my time little by little. But this game kills more time.Maybe it's because of how many things you can do in this game.Until i'm soooo bored of this game, i'm just gonna headbutt people. It's suprisingly fun to do!Lately, i haven't been playing this game because i was too busy with other stuff.And now, i might have a chance to play it again.To all of the people who wants excitement, great characters and non-glitchy games, don't buy.Only those who seek true comedy should buy this gold.Ramming people has never been so much fun!                                                                                              Final Score:⑨/10 Great time killer.(if you see it, congrats.)
Let-'s see... Now, where do i start? Well, i wanted Garry-'s Mod since 2012 because i though that it looked fun. Well, guess what? It isn-'t. I mean, there are a few awesome stuff in Gmod, but they just die too quickly. It usually won-'t start saying that no steam user was found. Overall, it-'s a terrible game. I-'m sure you-'re wondering why the hell am i recommending this -game- if i hate it. Well, when i say that Gmod is a terrible game, i meant that Gmod is terrible for playing games. Let me guess... Are you confused right now? Don-'t know what i-'m talking about? This is what i-'m trying to say:Gmod-'s sandbox is kind of dull and boring. It-'s just like Half-Life 2 with sv_cheats 1. Trouble in terrorist town (TTT) isn-'t really my thing. Cinema? One word: Mac. DarkRP? LOADING IS LOVE, LOADING IS LIFE. So, i-'ve said many terrible things. What-'s the good part? Well, the only good part here is the sandbox. Not the killing-combines-and-striders-with-a-freaking-vuvuzela sandbox, but the creative sandbox. You can build almost everything in the sandbox. If you-'re not the engineering kind of guy, you can pose characters and create a story for the picture.Not enough? Then make a video with Gmod! You don-'t need any fancy-dancy stuff like Frappucinos (fraps) or Sonic Vegeta Noob (Sony Vegas Pro)! Just use Quicktime player and Imovie! (unless you have windows. Then i-'m afraid you-'re screwed.) Gmod is not a time killing -game-. Heck, i won-'t even call this a game! It-'s more of like a tool. A tool made to train your imagination. A tool to become a kid again. (Even if the game is gory) And so far, no other application has been able to pull this off.Except for paint. That application catches your application so damn well.
