Had to buy the 'Review DLC' to write this.It was a good game.Still is.Only...You need to pay.For everything.Gage DLC = fiddy bucksChina Sword DLC = nin buksWank DLC = fiddy bucksChirstmas Songs You Can Hear In The Background On A Radio In One Heist = fiddy bucks2 much ♥♥♥♥ing dlc 4 my ♥♥♥♥.kill me.Alrght, for real though, there are way too many ♥♥♥♥ing DLCs. It's actually overwhelming and some of them don't even fit the Payday 2 theme. There's way more than $100 worth of DLC in this ♥♥♥♥ and it adds up to a butt load of updates and patches and whatnot. Do you know what updates and patches do? They add to the game. Do you know what adding to the game does? It increases file size. Look at it: this game is larger than TF2, GTA 4 and Garry's Mod. That's actually stupid as ♥♥♥♥.These guys started out as a four man team (5 if you technically include old Hox when he was in prison) who were bank robbers. Now they're a 14 man team of ♥♥♥♥ing terrorists. Seriously, they're legitamit terrorists now. Out of every heister they've added, only like 2 or 3 actually have a decent backstory or real reason for being on the team: Clover, Jiro and Hoxton. Literally no one else really deserves to be on the team. John Wick? Bodhi from Point Break? Jacket from Hotline Miami? Non of those make any real sense. They tried to explain it in the John Wick trailer for him  but after that is was basically a '♥♥♥♥ it' from Overkill and they just didn't try for promotional characters. Jacket looks like he's in his 20's in game but if this game takes place in the same universe as Hotline Miami he'd be in his late 40's. None of it makes any sense.The base game is amazing and if they stopped releasing payed DLC's at about the second Gage Weapon Pack (they should just release all Gage Whatever Packs as one DLC at lease) and just had the rest be free from then on, no one would've ♥♥♥♥♥ed and I would probably be able to recommend this game. What really bugs me is how they make a DLC for every individual thing they add. For example The Diamond Heist was added at about the same time Clover was added. The Diamond Heist was a one part map that was kind of suppose to be Shadow Raid 2 but was in the end short and easy as ♥♥♥♥. It costs $7. Clover was linked to The Diamond Heist mostly story wise if you paid attention and her individual pack cost like $5-7 at the time. Why the ♥♥♥♥ would you not release the two together in the same DLC? Buying both individually as two separate DLC's costs just over or around %50 of the actual game's cost. This goes for, as previously mentioned, the Gage Weapon Packs (or just all the weapon packs in general), The Dentists Heists (Alesso, Golden Grin and Big Bank should be together. The Diamond can get a pass here if they combined it with the Clover pack but they could just have all The Dentist jobs together as a whole AND include Clover in them and whoever else was added in the Dentist's jobs (Sokol)) and have all the collaboration heists and characters just be free updates if you want (but seriously, I have to pay $7 for a GOAT SIMULATOR HEIST). And I'm guessing if you've made it this far you want me to touch on the microtransactions? Well They're microtransactions in a $20 game that has more than $100 worth of DLC. Sure Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is a $15 game with microtransactions but at least they have free updates, not DLC's and the microtransactions in the game when you really think about it kind of bring the community together and everyone, while they kind of still dislike them don't feel like they have to buy them for some stat boost.The game at it's core is great, though. It has amazing music, sounds and overall premise but I just can't recommend the game even with a %50 sale on it. Wait till it has %75 sale on itself and all the DLC before buying it, trust me.
I've played a lot of games in my years. Half-Life. Halo. Call of Dooty. GTA. Hotline Miami. TF2. Hundreds of games. This game is in my top 5.PROS-EverythingCONS-No sequal yet :(
If you live in Australia, trust me when I tell you to NOT buy the game. There are absolutely no servers and no offline play making the game completely unplayable without 800+ ping.
Got every achievement in 22 minutes.
'If you exclude the fact that there aren't many boobs, this game is ♥♥♥♥ing incredible. 69/boobs. Where's my car?' -Vinyl
