Papers, Please is a one-man labour of love, as another reviewer put it. It puts a twist on games set in Communist countries; usually drab, copy-and-paste first person shooters. But this game is a true work of art. It has very unique gameplay; you are a checkpoint inspector between the border of two fictional countries called Arstotzka and Kolechia (think East & West Germany) and you must inspect the papers of immigrants to see whether they are valid or not. It gets really hard towards the end. I think only a certain audience would like this game.My only criticism is that this game is really short. I finished the game in around 5 hours, which isn't to say it brings the game down, but more game would be appreciated.I would definitely reccomend Papers, Please, in fact, it's my Independent Game of the Year for 2013 and one of my favourite games of all time. And it's made by one person.100%ing this game is not advised. The game has 20 endings, from going into debt because you denied every single immigrant, or fleeing Arstotzka to go into asylum. If I were a player, I would get Endings 18, 19 and 20, and that's it. There's also a quite fun endless mode.Final Rating: 8.7/10
Don-'t Starve Together is an interesting game. It-'s an -uncomprimising game full of science and magic- according to the game-'s site, and I would agree. It-'s an interesting little survival game in an interesting little world. A survival game may turn off many, but I would argue that it-'s quite an interesting game. Or well, that was the last game. This game adds multiplayer, which in my opinion, is an absolutely genius idea. The original game, Don-'t Starve, turned me off after a couple hours of playing. Don-'t Starve Together, with the addition of multiplayer, makes the game much easier to enjoy. I also really love its sadistic art style.Bringing the game down is its aforementioned boringness (yeah, even with friends).I would recommend Don-'t Starve Together only to those who would like a nice survival challenge, just don-'t go in thinking the game-'ll be your new Team Fortress 2.I wouldn-'t recommend this game to the completionist crowd, however, as completing this game will leave you with a certain emptiness.Final Rating: 7.0/10
Stardew Valley is a heartwarming game. You may pass this up in your queue as another boring indie game with pixel-art graphics, but if you look closer, you'll find a beautiful game, masterfully created by a single person, with great graphics, an intriguing plot, and a real sense of community. If you're anything like me, you'll get lost within the game within your first hour. Many draw comparisons with Harvest Moon, and I definitely agree, but as many see it as a reimagining, I see it as a spiritual successor; building upon the farming and marriage aspects of the game, and adding things like events, community, fishing, mining, combat, foraging, and the Community Centre.The few things that bring the game down are its audio bugs (very few), gamepad support (using a keyboard and mouse is much better), shallow combat scheme (could be built upon) and pixel sizings not matching sometimes, which never fails to look like a beautiful meadow with dead cows in it. By this I mean when watching TV and several inventory items, but all these are tiny nitpicks compared to the full game.I would definitely reccomend Stardew Valley, in fact, it's my Independent Game of the Year so far, and one of my favourite games of all time. And it's made by one person.Also, it's a pretty cool game to 100%. Achievements are fair and not too time-consuming, and it's an overall fun game, and the Community Centre thing is one of the best things to 100% this year, in my opinion.Final Rating: 9.1/10
