Hmm... Much better wiv guns
This is truly awesome! It makes it so easy to create your own brand of gameplay!
If you like snipin with a ww2 rifle then this is the game 4 u... If you like being MLG this is 4 u... Personally I enjoy beating people up with shovels in 1080p...
I ♥♥♥♥ing hate this ♥♥♥♥. It is literally the most cancerous game since ♥♥♥♥ing forever. Im so close to ♥♥♥♥ing killing myself it is not funny. ♥♥♥♥ing scamming is evrywhere. ♥♥♥♥ing sad 20 year olds are evrywhere. Bullying is everywhere. Russians are everywhere. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ memes are everywhere. I just ♥♥♥♥ing unistalled it once I realised that the money I spent on it could have funded world war ♥♥♥♥ing two. I have the heavy duty rope ready...
Great game. Smooth graphics may however require a fairly good rig. Here are some pros and cons I have picked up from a couple of hours gameplay.Pros: -Semi-♥♥♥♥♥♥ic graphics.-Pretty well optimised for a new game.-Not many bugs at all.-Amazing range of crafting.-Amazing range of ingame options and activities.-Dogmeat is only semi-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Cons:-A couple of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ glitches which need to be patched. I could not heal dogmeat (the dog) when he was injured, even though it prompted me to use a stimpak. However when I walked inside a building and then back out again the dog was healed. Wat teh ♥♥♥♥.-Probably not a really big problem, but when I tried to set the game to fullscreen mode on my 2560by1080 pixel screen it crashed and ♥♥♥♥ed up my PC so the mouse wouldn't move around. This could however be due to the strange size of my monitor.Otherwise at this point the game is still amazing and is a must have bethesda title.*UPDATE*After more hours of gameplay the dogmeat glitch seems to have gone away and the graphical configuration glitch has gone away as well.
WTF IS THIS ♥♥♥♥!RUNNING SIMULATOR 11/10EVERYTHING ELSE SIMULATOR -1/10ZOMBIE SURVIVAL MY BUMHOLE (THERES NO ZOMBIES)-I-'D RATHER BE 420 BLAZING- IGN
Pretty MLG 420 swagaliscious...
Rather repetitive, horrible multiplayer (doesn't work half the time) and just pretty okishh. Im sure they could expand on it and make it funner and less buggy but for the moment it's just like any other average zombie survival game.
