Super Hexagon is the best stress reliver of its time.Its simply calm.In this game you just guide a arrow through obstacles.Its a very slow game so its easy but fun at the same time.I really love it.You cant compare this game with anything else.11/10 Made me calm when i was a butthurt sally.
This game is awesome. Get it now or the terrorists will blow up your mum. 9/10
Now this is a good game, nice graphics, decent maps but to be honest it gets annoying when snipers insta-kill you from across the map, and then when you find a game without any snipers it just gets boring after a while. Yes i know i only have 1.8 hours in total and yes i am still a rookie but it just gets old, the matchs go for a while and after a few minutes it just gets boring. There isn't a lot of maps either so you will end up playing the same map over and over again. Also there are not HEAPS of tank parts so you don't get heaps of variety, sure there are quite a few but not heaps. Also when you first start out you'll end up with some lame tank which will easily get destroyed. After a match you get points, with these points you buy diffrent tank parts, but after a match you don't get many points, and, like i said it gets boring after a while.Any way like i said im still a rookie to and this is just my personal opinion, but the game is free so you can give it a shot and who knows, maybe you might like it.
10/10I can kill ponys
Edit: After waiting a day, i got the skins, so you might just have to wait a day.Or maybe Ubisoft just decided to fix it today.So now i reccomend it, and I think the skins are really nice so i think its worth buying, although buy with caution because other people had the same problem as me.Below this is outdatedThis is a waste of money.I really love Rainbow Six Siege, and i decided that i would get this skin bundel.I wasted $5.95 on this.So i paid the money, got the code and used the code in uplay, and the skins dont show up.I made sure there was no mistake in the code, and every time it says, This activation code has already been used.And the skins still are not there.All i can say as of now is this is a waste of money, and until i get my skins, i will unrecommend it.
This is a game i cant play.I do not joke. There is only 10 servers. 1/10 servers is Australian. I am Australian. on every other server i have 400 ping. on the Australian server i have 150 ping and other people on the Australian server have 400 ping. 10/10 would get ping then not even be able to play the game again
Boring
