Such a simple idea, how could admitting and declining immigrants and passerbys into a country be of any fun at all? Well when you're faced with terrorists, underground organisations, smugglers, lovers, families, corrput police officers, bribary and many more outlandish situations, a day at work is never, ever dull! Should you sell a digital watch to someone in line to pay for you son's birthday present, or return it to the man who trusted it in your care? Should you be slack with a regular? Should you let someone through the border because a friend asked you to? All of these questions run through your head with evey new person you meet, and all the while, your family back in your apartment are starving, freezing and suffering from sickness... And every major choice you make, the world around you changes, as the daily newspaper will let you know.. So by admitting one too many smugglers, that drug-selling boom you read about while eating breakfast was entirely your fault. Oops!
This is one of the most intense, emotional, thrilling games I have ever played. It is downright better than the TV series, with characters you actually care for, a great score, really unique art design, choices you make that affect the storyline and of course, many many zombies. Telltale have outdone themselves on this one. Personally, my experience was a 10/10 for sure. Unbiasely however, a solid 8/10 overall. Highly recommended for anyone, ever.
Best $3 I've ever spent! This game is a comedic recreation of all those old style RPG's. The dialogue is hilarious, the quotes and references to H.P. Lovecraft (among other stories/myths) are everywhere, and it's cheap! The director's commentary is a great addition as you get a good amount of insight into small parts of development, but these are implemented throughout the game so well that they do not detriment your enjoyment in gameplay, instead,  they actually enhance it.This game is great! Buy it!  :D
Oh Braid, how you're puzzles have frustrated me, how you're artistry has amazed me, and how you're words have moved me... With such an incredible story (with a fantastic plot twist, mind you!) Braid really makes you think about its messages, even after you've stopped playing.You simply cannot go past this masterpiece, it really is worth every hour!
