Oh CoH2 like a crazy woman your off and on, strangling cats one day then caring for them with all her heart the next.....   either way we all still loose I suppose?1944/10 - Would battle of the Bulge again
This game makes me want to throw my pc out the window BECAUSE ONE A-HOLE DECIDES ITS A HOPELESS STRUGGLE AND SCREWS OVER THE REST OF THE GROUP, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ HEALLING ♥♥♥♥♥ JNDHGNDHTGSjeivforhuirne10/10
We spent around 4 hours running around scavanging and slowly building our power of soda and ammo  another two hours we were introduced into our first fire fight it was amazing the rush was sooo good and finally we died a slow horible death of dehydration........................This game is awesome
The most innovative game I've played in years
I recently went back and played both Chaos Rising and the original campain and everything just kinda clicked.......I realised that I did not enjoy them the first time I played because I never really got into the campains and kept trying skirmish. I really loved DoW DC/SS both had great campains and multiplayer features, but DoW2 is not these games it went from command of a large millitary force to a tight sqaud/hero command game. Now at first I hated this but over time I found extreme joy in both campains of DoW2, but the multiplayer due to lag and this new gameplay format I have found that it is the play style that works great in the campain but fails to capture the same feeling in MP. Unfornately Retribution does not carry over this unique sqaud command play style into its campain and replaces it with the skirmish system for some reason even after making two games with this sqaud/hero command system. Also while you could port your Commander over from DoW2 to chaos rising you cannot do this in Retribution and forces you to play as Diomedes which is lame. All up they screwed the continuity of the campains which just ruined my experience but Last stand is very fun get some mates and you'll have a gay old time, there is joy to be found here sadly just not the same joy you'd get from the first two games. I do reccommend this game though as I did find joy but still kinda a let down with the campain.
I have roughly 300 + hours in Company of Heroes 2, its not the longest time but I've been around for most of the games life dropping in after every update. I personally loved the allies in WW 2 specifically the Airborne divisions (obviously) but I always found interest in the battles between Germany and Russia, the Germans in CoH2 especially in mp were extremely powerful. When the OKW and USF were added to the game I was delighted that USF had been put in. Though after using them I realized who I was up against... The unstoppable power of the German army then when kitted out with fully auto MP40s and StG 44s along with the dreaded MG42 made it a living nightmare to play as either Russia or America in its unpatched state. I stopped playing after a while it was so bad, luckily you can get the relative same experience from Red Orchestra 2 but in a first person more team based view. Though I find it much more enjoyable to play as 1 man run into mg fire get cut down and try again, rather then see 3 entire sqauds run into mg fire get instantly pinned and completely annihilated by German autogun fire. I like this game and I still love CoH2 pro choice buy for sure!!!Also the Pacific stuff is cool I guess next stop Vietnam!!
Go buy siege or insurgency it had the heart but not the gameplay, movement, positioning or well anything just go play siege.
My Shas'la likes this game
Dis game good with the third age mod
