SFV is a huge disappointment so far. I wasn-'t expecting a 30+ character roster out of the blocks, but there-'s no reason for it to be missing basic features present in SFIV. There-'s no arcade mode for starters - no individual endings for characters. The -Story- mode is a pathetic substitute, four single rounds with static drawn art in between (no animation) - should be called -Prologue- mode instead perhaps.Vs lacks ability to play CPU or set unlimited time for some reason. There are posts in the forums showing workarounds but DInput/keyboard support is missing too.The game is also extremely buggy - frequent disconnections from server, DX errors on quitting. The game scales extremely poorly on lower end machines too (read: unplayable). A disconnection, by the way, during a single player mode like survival kicks you back to the menu. Too bad if you-'ve just spent an hour and are 40 rounds into a 50 round survival. Let alone the 100 survival (which REQUIRES you be connected for the rewards available).Some things are stored on the Capcom servers and some aren-'t - and with no Steam cloud support, yep you guessed it, it-'s back to the GFWL SFIV days - you need to manually sync your gamesaves to keep scores/unlocks and so on the same between computers. Because apparently Capcom believes you-'d only ever play on one machine.From a technical standpoint, I don-'t like the V trigger system. They-'ve moved several specials to the V system too. So going between SFIV and SFV is a bit jarring with the same characters. This adaption and learning curve is no problem for pros but for more casual gamers, they might not like learning a new moveset for the same characters.A graphically upgraded SFIV built with the same love and care and respect for players would have been immensely better. Even the graphical upgrade is not a huge boon. Background animations for example play at 30 FPS and look out of place. And the, ahem, inconsistent character physics brought on by kneejerk censorship means some characters body parts move realistically, and some look like they are hewn from granite.Capcom have really dropped the ball on this game, as many reviews are showing. Save yourself the money and go back to USFIV. Or just wait a year until hopefully this game is something like it should have actually been at launch and be priced at what it-'s actually worth.
