To be honest, I love the game and yea... it can get repetitive at times but its a great game, I like it. That was until the new hunters came along, they are pretty overpowered I mean... As a goliath they wrecked me... As stage 3 goliath they can easily take you down. They really need to nerf the new hunters. Please dont be one of those -pay to win- I mean its your choice to buy the new hunters, but in my vision, they are pay to win hunters... Behemoth is a totally different story though, these new hunters can just take down behemoth so ♥♥♥♥ing easily because of that weakspot on his stomach. Anyways if you want to spend your hard earned cash or the cash your parents gave you... get it, just remember... Its very repetitive even though -every match plays out differently- that is true but you play as the same hunters or monsters except for the new hunters... (That will end shortly though) but you play on the same maps over and over. If you dont like repetitive games, i highly recommend you dont get this game. In my eyes, this could have been a better game if it were just for PC, this game was meant for PC to and not for ♥♥♥♥ing Xbox or Ps4 (if it is on ps4) I dont look into that kind of stuff. Well Safe hunting everyone.
This game is a absolutely great game, but when it comes to competitive, you get ♥♥♥♥ed up extremely easily because of -smurfs-. Smurfs in CS:GO is basically someone that is a high rank on their main account, but then they buy an alternate account and buy CS:GO on that account to play with unranked, or silvers, (First rank you start off with) I don-'t know why it-'s called smurfs but thats just what it-'s called. Besides competitive, this game is a master piece. The first 2 counter strikes were awesome and still are, but I would take CS:GO instead of the recent Counter Strikes. CS:GO brought in skins for the guns you use, ranging from 1 cent - 2000 up to 10000, (At the most) CS:GO is just a great game, and I would recommend you get this great game. And thats all I have to say, so Good luck, and have fun!
