This game is very, VERY cool...I quite enjoyed the 63 minutes I spent playing this game, and all up It was definatly worth the time and money spent on it. My only regret is that it ended too soon. I felt like I was just getting right into it before it finished on me. Aw well.Narrative:I-'ll admit, I-'ve never experienced anything -'Lovcraftian-' before this game, so I have no grounds of comparison. However, the parts of the dialoge that I did catch (Becuase I wassn-'t grasping onto my will to not become gemotric soup at those times) were pretty interesting. I don-'t wanna give too much away, but there were some lines of dialouge which had a -'woahhh-' factor. But most of it was -Whatchu doin? Get outta here fool!-. The Narrator refers to other beings of some kind. I couldn-'t work out if those where the things I was avoiding or someing I just don-'t understand at all. Maybe that was intentional? Who knows...Something interesting I noted though is that the Narrator seams to be some kind of conscious being himself. One of his lines include -I pitty you- implying that he can feel pitty. And yet any thing else he describes seams to exist in a realm where things like pitty are redundant. Or at least, that was the gist I got from him.Also, when he is talking about the -'others-' he says that -'I-'m not worth their effort-'. What does that say about the Narrator though, considering that he spends the entire game trying to interact with me? HmmmmGameplayRule #1 with this game: have patients. I found that usually when I died it was tawards the third qurtile of the level, and then you have to start it again. But anyhow, I-'m getting ahead of myself. The game is divided up into these stages. Each one with their own gemetric enemies and patterns to avoid. The game is slow and moving feels really slow. But I tell you, when you get that -'phase-' in just the right moment it feels sooooooo goooood. Final thing: I wish the mouse movment felt more -'Narual-' and less like it was ported from a joystick/analog stick movment. I think the correct term for this is the mouse accelaration? *Shruggs*Other than that there isn-'t really much else to it, this game has very simplistic gameplay.Audio:The sounds in this are amazing! I loved listening to the Narrator. His voice was nice a soothing, and well acted.In fact this entire game could have been quite the relaxing experience if there was an -'invicible-' mode or something like that. The music was quite pleasing and added to the game well. Also the sounds effects fit in very nicely. Visuals:First off, I wanna say that this game runs smooth as balls. This is what all games should feel like! No excuses! I know my monitor refreshes at 60hz, so I I-'m not suppsed to notice any diffrence in frame rate past 60, but this game always ran in between 120 and 180 fps and let me tell you, it definatly had a better feeling to it then Far Cry 4 did while it was running at 52 and even Fallout 4 running at 65. Needless to say I am very thankfull for the uncapped framrate. Mucho Gracias.The animations where really stellar and mezmorising to look at. Nothing too complicated means everything is executed really well. After the first 3 levels, it seamed like each level would have it-'s own colour scheme. The second and third levels are partiularly aesthetically pleasing, but unfortunatly this theme doesn-'t really keep on throught the whole game.Most of the individual elements within the game is monocromatic. But don-'t get me wrong, it looks great that way. Enviromental elements are textured and the textures are also pretty swell, though I wish they could have been higher resolution. Maybe that-'s just me though. Last thing is the lighting. Holy crap the light here rocks. Fallout were boasting their volumetric lighting, and I-'ll be damned if Fallouts lighting isn-'t majestic as hell, though even their fogs look like a an unimmerisve fade. I can joyfully say that there is no such feel here... the coloured -'mist-' around you feels incredible, Seriously, hatts off to you Lars. And speeking of immersion...ImmersionI don-'t wanna say to much about immersion. I recomend this game, now go and experiance it for your self. Suffice to say it does not dissapoint in this department at all. You remember how I started off this review? Well that was a fat lie! I fully regret that I don-'t have a VR headset (and I don-'t think I-'ll replay this until I do)
This game takes 10 minutes. Maybe less even. Just play it. Don't read reviews, don't think about it.
It's great, but it's not for everyone.What I loved about Dear Esther, that at least for me, it was like a puzzle. Each bit of dialogue is a piece to the puzzle and every visual hint is one too. So in a way, there is a 'game play' element to this game, but it must be self mediated. The visualls are stunning and the music adds such a great feal to this game. It felt like a nicely relaxed explorer puzzler game to me. But where Dear Esther shines most are in the little details. It does a great job at making you feel good about yourself when you happen to spot something subtle which gives you a better understanding of the bigger picture. The arrative its self is not perfect, but I found it to be pretty satisfactory. I do agree with people who say that it could have been deeper, but it's really nice for what it is.All of Dear Esther was executed very well and I think if you have doubts about trying this one out; do.
Do not even think about it. Just get it. Now. You definatly will NOT regret it. Why are you still reading this?
