Hello, I am here to tell you about Risk of rain, a sidescrolly, itemy roguelite that has a trailer so confusing and uninformative that I wouldn-'t have picked it up if I hadn-'t heard about it before. -Important Sidenote! I am not critiquing the game, merely reviewing it.-In Risk of Rain you are a traveler on a space courier ship that-'s attacked by a mysterious... thing. Causing you to fall to the ground of an unfamiliar alien planet, where you fight for your life. Picking up items dropped by the ship and ultimately finding your way back to the fallen ship to fight the menace and leave the planet.When you first go into the game, you walk around the landscape and monsters will start to spawn, though slowly at first. You will then kill them, as they threaten your life, picking up their gold, which you then use to buy items out of the chests that have fallen down with you. When you first start playing, you will only have a small selection of items to find, but as you play more, you will unlock more, and these are persistant across lives. The difficulty increases over time, making monsters tougher and making them spawn more often, until you either die, or finish the game.  So, is it good? Hell yes. It definitely is fun to play. It has a nice growth curve towards the start, both with unlocking items through -achievements- -eg, kill 20 golems in one life, or activate the third teleporter without taking damage- and through increases in player skill, both with the game and with it-'s myriad of classes. Classes that, are unlocked through slightly bigger and harder versions of the achievements for items. -eg, kill 3 bosses or activate 40 drones in total.- It also has nice gameplay, that although slow towards the start of a game, gets progressively harder and faster paced as time goes on.Expect to die in your first few runs.The items are fun to use, with most of them providing unique effects that are not just simple stat bonuses. It-'s really refreshing. Having good items for your class is another challenge the game throws at you, as they all have different movesets with cooldowns as you use them, and different items will complement different classes much more than others. But of course, this all depends on what strategy you are using.Though there are complaints to be had.Risk of rain has a nasty thing called randomness, this can be good or bad, depending on your viewpoint. Some runs will be really easy, since you got good items from the -mostly- random chests, but others can be sabotaged by bad drops. Although I find that this can be overcome by player skill (and slightly balanced by the stat leveling system the game employs) this is a quirk of the genre that  can be good or bad. It makes the good runs stand out, certainly, but putting it the time to get there, at least initally, can be a slog. (I personally like it... now).The game is also short, but very high quality. Being a completionist, I have put a disproportionate amount of hours in. -More if you count the fact that I did most of the early game offline. It-'s not a big immersive rpg. It-'s a short sharp game you will play for, a week maybe, and will have you utterly hooked. it provides a unique blend of elements that makes it stand out and provide an experience like no other. You can keep coming back to it, sure, but it-'s not going to change much, and you will get bored of it eventually.UPDATE.Recently, however, there was an update the added artifacts that can change the game significantly, this can make the round you are playing unique to you and anyone else playing with you. This adds a new level of replayability to the game, making it last for much longer.I hope I-'ve provided some insight.
When I bought this game, I immediatly regretted all my life's decisions.But after I played my first game, I realised I was hangry for more.
It's fine for the first hour, then gets really, really boring. There's very little variety, and it takes ages to finish a run.Maybe you can coast through it on nostalgia alone, but you'd have to REALLY love the original to justify even the 5 dollar price tag.
best game is gud
