Let-'s get all of this clear. I played over twenty hours in the Beta, and it refused me to play any more (Apparently my Beta time ran out). However, throughout EVERY hour of this game, I was finding new ways to play, new tricks to try and new methods to win the round. I had only played TWO different classes. Trapper and Monster. Only TWO! I can-'t imagine what else I could have learnt about the game if only I had played MORE! I played twenty hours and was still stuck on how Daisy worked! When I first saw gameplay and trailers I was insistent on how un-re-playable it seemed. I stuck around though, I entered for the Beta and as I mentioned earlier I was hooked. -Wow, that looked pretty epic!- and -I wonder if they would fall for...- was coming out of my mouth at least once EACH round! They say in the -Evacuation- tutorial  (tutorial for the -Evacuation- gamemode) that there are, and I quote, -...over 800,000 possible combinations for the ultimate in replayability.- That-'s the so-called -Campaign- of Evolve! There are something like five gamemodes at the moment (if you weren-'t blind enough to read the text if you chose the -Evacuation- gamemode, then you would know this. Not to mention the amount of tutorials they had already released in the -Tutorials- section, which displayed information about all the gamemodes that were going to be available on release). So for all you whiners out there about how -boring- it is and how you -Got bored after two hours- and how that must have had an oh so terrible impact on your life, keep reading, it gets even better!I also read in a lot of the -Thumbs Down- reviews that the game is -...multiplayer only-. For your information, I have just tested the single-player (completely offline, disconnected from the wifi offline) and I almost got my teeth kicked in by a bunch of -Normal- difficulty bots (I tried both teams). You can play not only Evacuation mode, but also any other game-mode that you wish (ready?) OFFLINE and still have a hell of a challenge to it! If you had only stopped to understand that when you get access to the open Beta for a game such as this (a game designed to play online with OTHER people) that the developers must evaluate how the game operates under stress! Of course there are going to be a hell of a lot of bugs, of course there are going to be faulty optimizations. THIS IS WHAT A BETA IS FOR! So that you may tell them that there are bugs and so that they may fix them. I found over thirteen little -glitches- in the Beta, one included a little bug where if you tried to climb a wall and the dome fell right in front of you as you went mid-animation to climb, you would simply slide down the wall and get stuck halfway inside the dome. When it was released yesterday, I immediately went to try it out, and well, FIXED! (Same place, probably not the exact same time in the animation but it was definitely within the time frame needed to get me stuck) Stop complaining about bugs if all you did was play the Beta in hopes for it to be perfect!Okay, one thing I must sit on the fence about, is the DLC costs. I agree that it costs too much, but I disagree that it-'s enough to make you not buy the game. Firstly, because the DLC does not add ANY bonuses other than Aesthetics and -Different Characters-. Ok cool, different characters, great, mhm. You don-'t NEED them. At all. Whatsoever. Nobody said to you that -in order to play this game you have to buy all the DLC- or -in order to enjoy the game you have to buy all the DLC-. Not a single person but those who didn-'t bother READING what the DLC actually IS. The tier system in the game DOES NOT, I say again, DOES NOT give you access to new monsters and characters because they-'re -stronger-. It gives you access to them, to keep you playing the game. To find new play styles and combinations and weaknesses and strengths and opportunities where one person-'s ability might come useful, where yours currently isn-'t. That doesn-'t mean that you will completely forget the first character you used in a certain class. No, instead I went BACK to the original character because her toolkit suited my playstyle!Sorry for the fairly long post everybody, but I just hope that this clears any doubts that you may have had about the game, be it with -Singleplayer- issues or -Bugs- or -DLC-. If you have anymore questions then feel free to contact me through this account or send me an email at lolploxy@gmail.comThankyou for reading and go slay some monsters!
