No matter what game I play, what device I use (PC or Mobile) I always get jumpscared by Chica first.... what a coincidence, No need to sleep tonight.
I hate to be the barren of reviewing games i've played but I was expecting more out of this game. When I first saw this on Greenlight, I thought this could be the perfect alternative towards Portal & QUBE (because they don't work on my current laptop) but then I heard that this game was discounted at 96%! Hearing that must of made the game sound really bad but I ignored it. I read the description of Polarity, claiming that it's the most fun Puzzle game since Portal (I even saw a comment on the greenlight page that the dev(s) don't even know what Portal was). Gameplay was just too simple & it lasted only for an hour on my side, the first time playing Portal brought so much confusion that it was thrilling, this game just wanted me to go to sleep. I also looked around the levels set up & I saw so many flaws that it looked like it was rushed from development just to gain revenue. The worst part about it is that it has no decent story, Portal's story was so fasinating that I want to find out more about its connections with Half-Life 2, Polarity states that your a hacker thats trying to access a virtual vault when these levels don't look anything like a firewall. In conclusion, If you want a better puzzle game at a cheap price, Get something that was made perfectly & looks challenging (even if it has mixed ratings). All that it can be used now is to haul trading cards & allowing a short sleep mode onto yourself.
Volt is a good game to get if you are looking for a challenge. In this game, you play as a Battery trying to escape a recycling facility to continue its life. This Battery has a limited amount of power to cast electric beams that are used to move you & function as defence from enemies. You can also jump on the surface & on walls whenever you like as it doesn't use up power.Theres is also a mobile port that functions just like the game but makes it easier to beat (because you have a touch screen than a mouse). I personally like to idea & concept of this game but I highly recommend having fast reflexes when playing, a slight mistake can kill your battery & restart from the beginning so get use to it.
I first heard about Rexaura long ago when I first got familiar with the Blue Portals Mod (Great mod by the way). I never had been so confused on these tests that I should of took a refresher course after downloading it. I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to have their minds twisted & tangled by these extraordinary elements.  Just remember, you need Portal (not Portal 2) in order to play Rexaura.
For those who enjoy half-life 1 & 2 with its episodes, I would give this game a thumbs u as this game sets off of in a mysterious place in the half-life universe. Nineteen test, 28 goals, & six advance chambers are suited for those who want to challenge themselve to be better at it than anyone else.
