Dragon Age, the classic game brought to you by the makers of Mass Effect, KOTOR and Jade Empire. Certainly better than its half arsed sequal after EA ♥♥♥♥ed Bioware into a shell of its former self. You are the grey warden and you'll be going on a quest to save the entire realm from darkness... yeah it's pretty much the typical good must triumph over good story, nothing really original but still interesting nonetheless. You'll battle creatures like the undead, dark monsters, and surprisingly a few dragons. This is Biowares classical style of game, where the main character is a mute and there's a lot of detail to the world you inhabbit. I do prefer Dragon Age 2's voice acting and some of the characters, however in this game when you make a character from the start you have the freedom to make a human, elf or a dwarf and a choice of different backgrounds to start the story from. Whether you want to be a human noble or an Elf ranger, as well as the choice of class for your character, of which it is limited to 3: Warrior, Rogue and Mage. It would have been better if there were more of a variety of classes like the Elder Scrolls, or even their own game Mass Effect which has sci-fi rpg classes of about 6.Dragon Age: Origins is a must have if you are an RPG nut and you like fantasy worlds inhabbited by Elves and Dwarves.
If you want a game that is so differnt from what you're used and combines your favourite elements from RPG's and RTS's, as well as some aspects of tell your own story Sims-like gameplay. Then this is certainly the game for you. However, as the devs say this game is unfinished and is still in a buggy state, your games will crash, and the frequency differs for what you are doing.The game is fun, challenging and rewarding. I myself have got a large pack of freedom seekers that have stuck by each other through thick and thin, I've lost some along the way, but more importantly my two characters that have been together from the start are mated for life. I only wish this game had a relationship and memory system whereby the friends you make will enjoy your company and hang out, protect you and will remember the times you saved their ♥♥♥♥, and that you could show that friendship or love through interactions. Would give this game so much more life in terms of the human interaction.This game has so much potential and I can't wait to see the finished product when it comes out of ALPHA and into BETA and then finally into full release!
The Stanley ParableThis is a game about a man named Stanley and... wait no, hang onThis is a game about the misadventures of Stanley... still noThis game sucks... wait no it doesn't.This game is so completely and utterly awesome that I can't find a sentence to start off with. That'll do...The Stanley Parable is certainly a special gem of game although I wouln't call it a game. Certainly not a game that takes you on an adventure from start to finish in a linear patern where you solve puzzles and the like and defeat bad guys. No. The Stanley Parable is like a mind game that the the entire game itself puts you through, with an emphasis on choice for the player to decide on, multiple endings to discover and a number of fourth wall breaking and utterly hilarious moments that you hear from the charming narrator. The Stanley Parable makes you think what a video game as an interactive experience is and the point at which video games become an art form and a story telling medium.The game truly needs to be played by you yourself to really understand. It may not be for you and you may not understand the content or even be the audience for these types of games. But it should be experienced nonetheless and to pass up an opertunity such as this would be a crime against art.
If you want the Sim City that EA could never have made in this modern age, then this is the game for you! Along with the updates, the friendly developers, the modding community and the flexibility of this game, there is so much potential for this excellent city builder experience to go even further. It's by no mean perfect, but it's close to it and as I keep saying it's what a Sim City sequel should have been, too bad it took another developer to figure it out and make a great game.
Game of the Year for a reason! If you like tear jerking, heart wrenching, adrenelin pumping stories, you-'re going to love Tell Tale-'s The Walking Dead. Plus if you-'re a fan of the series you-'ll certainly not want to pass this game up.A nice change from story driven games that all these AAA publishers are passing off these days, and even though it is point and click, the usual elements of a point and click game such as puzzles and -clicking on every bloody pixel until you find what your looking for- have been simplified to give the the experience of the story and the connection with the characters. Trust me. If you do not cry or tear up from this game... you have no soul. Or you-'re not engaging in it properly.
I like to call this game, the adult version of a toy box, because there are many many many many many many many things you can play around with in this game and it's all because of the Source Engine that makes this possible. If you're looking for freedom and a completely sandbox experience and feel like posing models from your favourite games and putting them in sweird situations, then this game is for you.
Talk about being one of the most frustraring games you'll ever play, it's actually not the games fault, if you die in this game, it's your own damn fault and also how much luck you have with random events. But this game is addicting as hell and you'll want to get every achievement in this game because there are a lot.
Tropico 4 is definitely a game to pick up if you like management of cities and a whole banana republic island. You are El Presidente and your people need you to lead them into prosperity... or annilation. If you haven't played any of the Tropico games I suggest this over Tropico 3. But if you have already played Tropico 3, you shouldn't really need to worry about this, it feels more like this should have been an expansion or a patch for Tropico 3. Having said that, it's not a bad game in the least. Sim City fans will enjoy it, but maybe not hardcore fans as you aren't zoning your residential and industry areas but it's certainly nothing like Sim City Societies, and you aren't managing populations of thousands, you are managing hundreds of individuals of whom you can watch their daily routine, and you can hire and fire those individual people. Tropico 4 is a great simulation game. 9/10
Seriously, I love this game. It's something that I find fun and entertaining, it's got the Duke charm, and just because it's been reviewed badly doesn't nesesarily mean it's a bad game, I would have given it a 7/10. But a game is what you make of it, and what you get out of it. In my oppinion the humour and references are great and the gameplay is something different with all the interactivity. If you have anything bad to say about it, well then I have this to say... It's Duke Nukem... your arguement is invalid.
Combine FPS and Fighting games, mixed with the Source Engine, and you have yourself a great game! So worth the buy!
