This game is absolutely magnificent. It's a puzzle-adventurer, very akin to The Legend of Zelda. A lot of the mechanics revolve around sneaking and not being detected. You take the role of a girl named Jade, living on a planet that's beginning to be overrun with aliens. She is hired as a reporter for a rogue organization to spy on the government, as many people think the government and the aliens are in cahoots. There are moments that'll make you cry and leave you on-edge. Jade is a great protagonist, and you'll come to love every character. The graphics are a little dated (the game was originally on PS2, GCN and Xbox, so the resolution is pretty bad and there are quite a few graphical glitches.) The game makes up for this though, with amazing soundtrack, great story and thrilling gameplay. You'll definitely feel like a spy playing this game!I give this game a 9/10 (if it weren't for graphical glitches and sometimes monotonous battle system, it'd definitely get a 10/10)
Now, mind you, I did not enjoy this game very much. It fails in many aspects as a visual novel, and it didn-'t really hook me. Why? I will explain. (Warning: Probably spoilers)MUSIC: The music is just Kevin McLeod royalty-free music, or most likely royalty-free ambients. The loops aren-'t clean, they use simple fade outs and fade ins to create the illusion of -looping-. A lot of the music cuts awkwardly, and some sounds I feel do not fit certain things.CHARACTERS: The characters in this are *very* basic. You have your protagonist, Bunny. She just wants to live a -normal life-, but due to her having a bad record, she can-'t get a job anywhere. So basically she was like -♥♥♥♥ it, I-'ll make my record even worse and just try to get by!- And, very oddly, she-'s suicidal? Many moments she has times where she goes into philosophical -if I jumped, would anyone miss me?- scenarios and it-'s honestly very out of place, and kind of silly. I guess they were trying to flesh out her character more? It just feels really out of place, and it-'ll just appear at random moments. One minute she-'s lying down and talking about this great couch, next minute she-'s on the balcony thinking about how she could die. Nice. Bunny-'s personality is all over the place. One minute she-'s acting like a bratty teenager, next minute she-'s acting like a cool teenager, next she-'s a wise-monk teenager, next she talks about how she wants to die, cycles back to bratty teenager. It-'s very weird. The other characters are all as equally bland as the next. There is literally nothing defining by each of their personalities that describes them as -different-.STORY: I don-'t know. Hacker chick hacks things for... a reason, gets a proxy (???), hunts down a lady in a coma, dude gets ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cause coma-lady is his mom, hacker chick is like -whoa I-'m sorry, potential-love-interest-of-the-story, I guess I should blindly trust you now-, hacker chick gets in trouble, hacker chick is in a coma as well, hacker chick has weird dream with the lady in a coma, dude busts hacker chick out, the end. There are branching paths, but there-'s really nothing to them.PRESENTATION: The art is honestly really nice, probably the best thing about this game. It-'s very appealing and quite simple. The text on the other hand isn-'t very well done. Many errors in grammar, spelling and just sentence structure in general. It-'s hard to tell who-'s talking, and if the picture in the background has any form of bright colors, have fun trying to read the white, non-standing out text! There are strange times where the dialogue is poetic, which sounds very out of place, and it almost sounds like those cheesy fanfictions you wish you never read. Most of these things I-'ve said are negative, so you must wonder, why am I recommending this? The art-'s nice, and the story is sort of easy to follow along. And for the cheap price of free, and a file size that even a toaster could hold, Invisible Apartment is a fun little game you can play on the side, as it only goes for about 20 minutes tops. If you get past the bland characters and bad translation, you-'ll find some enjoyment out of Invisible Apartment, and you-'ll probably remember it for the rest of your life (or for maybe a couple of weeks, if you-'re that kind of person).Invisible Apartment gets a 4/10 from me.
Honestly the best fantasy MMO ever. It's just a shame that nowadays the game is pretty much dead. Back in its glory days, EverQuest II was such a magnificent and addicting game, and although now the game is still enjoyable, it gets somewhat saddening to see what's become of it. If you've got a large group of close friends all looking for a fun MMO experience, then please, I urge you to play EQII together, because this game is honestly a blast. If it's just you though, be prepared to walk through empty zones and maps for your entire playthrough.
2spoopy4meMy only gripe is the story which in all honesty is really good, but I'm just too lazy to read through hundreds of pages. ¯--_(ツ)_/¯
>plays game>main is most boobalicious character>10/10
Very fun and enjoyable. Before playing, PLEASE make sure you look up how to play and a basic guide, or get somebody to teach you, or you will easily get confused! Extremely fun game, recommend playing Drow Ranger or LinaAlso, Russia.
yes
I played for a while, and I just... didn't like it. It was barely an MMO experience. I felt like I was playing a Spongebob PS2 game. It sadly was not a fun thing for me. The puzzles and everything else about it were fine, but I dunno. Maybe it's just me? Maybe I just need friends or something? Who knows.Sorry Spiral Knights.
what the ♥♥♥♥
How to play Destiny Warriors:1. Get in a battle2. Press the -Enter- key repeatedly3. Heal sometimes4. You winThis game isn-'t very enjoyable. I was lucky enough to pay only 30 cents for this game. Don-'t ever buy this at full price. It would be a waste. Also, poor translation, crappy characters and wannabe Naruto storyline.  2/10, at best.
