Fun, cool and brings back some good memories of fighting grunts and elites in New Mombasa. But it gets really tedious and and constantly running up and down the map to complete objectives. A lot of running around the map and too little gun blazing like the Halo that i know. It-'s a mobile game so dont expect much. Though it-'s really good, it should have just stayed as a mobile game. Controls a bit challenging and not as easy and using ur mouse to aim and shoot. Not much story but still nice. However, even with that, it-'s still really cool how they made the game from a bird-'s eye view unlike the fps version. Guns are cool and all but lack the real Halo feel. The -no reload- thing is ok but find it hard to keep a gun for long before needing to find another or getting more ammo. But kinda disappointing overall for a Halo game. Really should have stayed on mobile. Unless u are the -new comer- of Halo, the people who played from Halo: Combat Evolved wouldnt enjoy it as it feels different from the originals. It-'s really mixed feelings for this as it-'s a Halo title, and I-'m a huge fan of it but this game does not live up to that name, mobile or not. Nice and cool for a new view and all but would not reccomend if u are a long time lover of Halo just to save u from the dissapointment. For others to try out this, it-'s nice to get a game that somewhat feels like Halo just to get u into the feel of Halo before entering console(if u were considering) I-'m not saying this game sucks, its nice and good and cool and  stuff for new players but old timers wouldnt like it. Reccomended for new players/first time players but for long time fans, it could be a huge disappointment
50 hrs- listen to teammates. think that the world is perfect100 hrs- start realising how -noob- team is200 hrs- learns russian and pinoy swear words. Start cussing and screamming into mic300 hrs- Realise team isnt so bad350 hrs- Derank from mg to silver cause of update400 hrs- Still crying about rank450 hrs- ♥♥♥♥ that ♥♥♥♥ lets throw game11/10 would go through all that again
WARNING: Contain spoilersThis game is a really awesome game. It really brings u into the life of a clonetrooper/stormtrooper, specifically the soldiers from the 501st. It can really absorb u into the game and is really addictive. However, there is one issue with the game. If u fail the misson, u have to start from pretty far back, as there are not many checkpoints in a level. But that is not all bad. It motivates u to make sure u use every single trooper wisely. Also, there are awesome space battles and ♥♥♥♥. Cant deny that space battles are pretty badass. On top of that, the game also really feels like u are a soldier/pilot from the movie/cartoon series. Like u are fighting droids and in space and on ground.Awesome game 11/10 would play again.
This game is really amazing. I played just enough to know that even though this is an od game, it's far more greater than most of today's games. The storyline is not as great as fallout 3's but still it's awesome how u can do anything and everything u want. It really makes u feel like u are actually there in this game. Personally, i bought a couple dlcs just to extend the storyine abit. But really, the game is really amazing and if u're in to games which u walk through blown u cities while beating up a fiend and listening to some old jazz, this is the game for u. This game is old but still is a kick to the head(if u play it u will understand) i didnt realise there's an in-build radio till much later but still, the songs never get old for me. To really feel and understand this game, just get it and play it for urself.
WARNING: Contains a little bit of spoilersThis game is the greatest and most epic game i've ever played. Although i expected to see alot for live troopers(like thousand) it's still amazing even after a decade since i played it on the original xbox it's still amazing. It makes me feel just like a clonetrooper. Although i have 10 hrs of gameplay i felt it was a little short. I really wish they will make a sequel or even a DLC to make the campaign longer its amazing i cant emphasis it more. 11/10 greatest FPS for me. To me, the graphics is 100/10 and so is the sound. its like u are there with Delta Squad. To many, maybe the graphics are grainy and pixelilated or whatever u cant really expect 1050p for a game so old and legendary. 11/10
