Unlike the Previous Counter strike Games this One Has More flavour added into it therefore making it a lot funner and less boring. The Maps are a lot more detailed and designed making you feel like your in a real place not just some boring map with a few crates and 1 texture. The Tactics are very well done. Not like call of duty where you can just run out shooting and get shot multiple times and not die. If you do that on this game then may as well rage quit before thinking of buying this game. Graphics are very good considering this is a source game.Buy It. Its Worth it!
Best Survival Game EVER!!!This game is doing so well already and its not even in Beta.More is yet to come in this game but you should buy it if you're the Realistic Survival type and not the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ report someone for raiding your base.
Such a Creative game to play!Pretty much like Minecraft But better Physics and Not Blocks, Haha!
Unique fighting game that is fun and original. Has a great community and has endless amount of mods!You should give this game a try!
Reminds me of Realm of the mad god but in 3D.I like it :D
I payed 3 Dollars for the 2 pack so I could gift a copy to my mateand you know what! BEST F****NG 3 Dollars I have Spent!Yeh. Yeh. Some things are a bit glitchy but this game has a lot of potential. There is so many updates for this game to come whichwill make it better. It is really fun now and will get more fun. Buy it NOWbefore the price goes up.
HOLY ♥♥♥♥! This Game Is Incredible. Definently worth the Money. It is so Fast Paced and Addicting.You should definently get this game, You won't regret it!
Very Fun Game! Best WW1 games out there, The Sounds are great Quality as well as the game graphics. The Animations are very well made like the reloading, the muzzles, the explosions etc. Being in those Trenches gives you that Immersive feeling which can at some points make you go -Oh Sh*t, Get DOWN- while in most other war games can-'t Portray that Feeling. It just seems so real. I recommend you buy this game Definently!
Best Call Of Duty Game out of all the Cod Games! The Warfare is Excellent and the Nazi Zombies gamemode is just terrific and addicting. I highly recommend you get this game :D
Such a Great Medieval War Game, The Sound is so realistic (To the point when it seems like your in a real war) Very Bloody and Violent and The Graphics and Physics are just Perfect. I Would Recommend this Game to anybody who enjoys Bloody, Gory and Violent GamesEspecially Medieval! :D
