Fantastic game where you get to harass a illegitimate US black site repeatedly.  Played the base like a damn fiddle. Satisfying.
An amazingly realized strategy game. Unlike other series in the genre of strategy concepts aren't as abstract. Allowing a level of immersion and even storytelling (your own, a true sandbox) to take place on a playthrough that just doesn't happen usually in the genre. It has an elegant and easy to use interface, the biggest learning curve is the terms used I think and sheer information to take in. Unified Ireland, usurped the Scottish throne, plunged the region into years of endless civil war. 10/10
As it stands currently, one of the only licenced games worth playing of Aliens/Predator. It's aged well and this release plays nicely with modern systems. Apparently multiplayer is still going strong.
Noir combined with fairytales,  wonderfully written and realized. Like Roger Rabbit it just draws you in with characters that we already are familiar with in some way but come to life. The life of an unforgiving city. It's nihilistic, adult and beautifully noir. The synth score, iconography, neon/high contrast lighting and oblique angles.This for me is the most impressive TellTales has done yet with any License and I adored Back to the Future among others.MOAR!!!!
Original Review - I already had a copy on PS3 but it's been phenomonal rediscovering Skyrim through the modding scene on PC. Mods like SkyUI, Frostfall and ENB visual tweaks make even a huge amount of playtime on a console well worth exploring it again on PC. I hope Bethesda continue to allow their games to have life long after their release through modding.EDIT - HAHAHA ♥♥♥♥ you Bethesda. DLC or paid modding? Semantics. Who gets screwed in a paywall for modding, the consumers or modders.Answer. Everyone.
I-'m a big fan of the Deus Ex series. Human Revolution was a really worthy return to the Cyberpunk series. However I can-'t recommend this release at all. It-'s nothing more than an outsourced poorly realized package. Design choices in terms of the lighting were completely thrown out as just one example, another is just how incredibly buggy it is.The lighting that I refer to was a -gold- tint of perhaps Jensen-'s augmentations in first person and even indicative perhaps of a -new renaissance- thematically. This was in promotional footage, cases etc. There are other visual differences but this is the biggest. They completely ignored the original teams aesthetics and choices.If you were an unlucky soul that happened to have a PC which had both a dedicated and integrated video card the game wouldn-'t even launch. Nvidia users that the game actually worked for also reported unplayable performance on a wide variety of GPUs.The -Director-'s Cut- label is nothing more than a marketing con. It was outsourced and it shows with design choices of the original team ignored to the quality of the release altogether. I will treasure my original PS3 copy even more now due to the original release no longer being available on steam as this is not a definitive Deus Ex release, not even close.Edit/ This AWESOME person has made a small mod using Sweetfx making it possible to return HR a little to what it was. http://www.gamefaqs.com/boards/719090-deus-ex-human-revolution-directors-cut/67658785 Doesn-'t fix everything but it is very welcome as I-'m sure it is by a lot of other people.
Great looking menu, too bad this online game doesn-'t want to actually finish -connecting to the network...-Update - Recieved no help whatsoever from support. Haven-'t been able to do anything but the tutorial.
