This is a very fun game, and I would reccomend it to any fans of the strategy genre. The game is fun, engaging, interesting and sometimes hilarious, with the occasional occurence that is just messed up. I was once playing as a lustful old guy with a couple lovers. My wife is away at a convent or something, and I decide to see my lover when the event pops up... Little did I know that I would proceed to.... ♥♥♥♥ myself.... And become pregnant.... With my own child....... I think that's definitely a bug, and you can rest assured that the child that was born was disowned and banished.However, with that aside, I do have one major complaint about this game, namely the DLC. While I understand that Paradox needs to make money and pay its employees, it is utterly ridiculous that a hundred dollars worth of DLC is mostly features that should be in the vanilla game for no extra cost. The Ruler Designer DLC, for example. For five more dollars, you get the ability to customize your character! And that is literally it. For an eighth of the price of the entire game extra, you get the ability to customize the first character of a dynasty. And only the first character. For the added bonus of being able to play a non-christian ruler, you have to pay more money. Want to have a couple more options for the character customization? Fork out a little extra cash and you can. Want an earlier starting date? Pay Paradox! Twice! Want Genghis Khan to actually look like a Mongol and NOT an Arab? PAY MORE MONEY! While this is probably the best stategy game I have ever played, it is utterly ridiculous that you have to pay truckloads of money extra to use some features that should be in the CORE GAME. The ability to customize your ruler should NOT be something you pay an extra five dollars for, it should be in the core game for no extra cost. Too large a chunk of the available DLC are simply features that should be in the main game for no extra charge. So while I would recommend this game to fans of the genre, I would NEVER reccomend the DLC, at least not to people who are on a budget. Some of the DLC is worthy of extra cost, most of it is not.
