A great Aliens vs Predator game! It creates truely memorable moments. Play as a marine as you blast though hordes of aliens and take down a predator by yourself.Play as an alien and rush the weak and pathetic soldiers and infect predators.Play as a predator and pull of some remarkable kills and skills as you leap through obstacles with ease.
A furious and frantic button masher that allows for a controller to be used for the best experience. It is always fun to slash and smash through a horde of useless goons while on a quest to save princesses and unlock pets and weapons. This is a wonderful game and is definately worth trying!
Counter Strike: Source is an excellent classic first person shooter. By classic, I mean no tanks, no jets and no helicopters and apaches and all that stuff, just soldiers armed with guns and grenades. There are many mods of this game including zombie mod, surf mods, minigames and deathrun mods. There are many skins of players, knives and guns so you never know what to expect. This is definately a game worth trying.
THE RAGE!!!!!! Super Meat Boy is probably one of the most rage-quitty games that I have ever played. Yet, I still play it and try to beat the levels that I have rage quitted on in many occasions. Its a fun arcade/adventure game with many levels and bosses but don't judge a game by its cover. It is bloody, gutty, vommity and ragey. It even has squirrels and rabbits jumping into saws. So get this game and enjoy it (if you can XD)
Another great game by Valve, Team Fortress 2 to me seems like an FPSRPG (First Person Shooter Role Playing Game) because you can choose between 9 classes, each with different special abilities. You can also buy, find and do something else that I am not aware of to get items which range from humorous hats to show off to your friends, to curious crates which may hold something special within. I definately recommend this game to all you pyrotechnicians and assassins and everything in between because this will give you endless hours of fun.
