Where to start? This game, is nuts! I am a GIANT clicker fan, starting with cookie clicker, to Adventure Capatalist (of what is more of an Idle game) to Clicker Heroes! But this clicker is my favourite.  Here-'s why.1. It has AIMING! As with all bland games, aiming makes things better! Such as my favourite MMO of all time, Wildstar.So when this clicker had aiming I knew it was worth a -Shot-. (Yes, that was a pun).2. It was based on one of the coolest games in the VR Universe, Time Rifters. To be based in the same scenery is a lovely trip to your brains memory compartment, if you haven-'t seen that game, then it-'s just a cool place to be in general.3. Its got great progression! Not at one point did I feel It was going too fast or too slow, and when I needed money the most, a Rainbow Money Ball would come along and help me out!So in total this is the greatest Clicker/Idle/Shooter of all time! If you are not sure, give it a try!
Buy this game, Just do it. Don't let it's primitive graphics fool you, This is one tasty dungeon crawler, and a one of a kind too.  There just isn't a game better to show you into an unknown enviroment, with lurking monsters and the looming sense of danger. The sound is amazing, the graphics are good enough and the gameplay is sweet! I reccomend you play with headphones and at night for a better experience.
 I love it, if your not sure, try it. When I started I was a bit Eeeeeh, But that intro, that starting area filled me with awe and adventure and I set off, I barley scratched the suface with my 400 or so hours from just having fun and exploring, theres so much to do, and classes? Pfffft no more, do what you want, be free.
I reccomend it! I got it when it was $55 and I still don't regret it. I didn't like the DS ones but this one takes the DELICOUS MASSIVE CAKE! But let's talk detail.This game is literally a dictionary stuffed inside cartoon graphics and zapped with story, and I'm okay with that. The story isn't half bad, the level design is fabulous and the graphics is eye candy. There are afew flaws, some times words entered aren't adapted and it won't help you spell your workshop creations (I happen to have made afew) so it can be a little tedious when trying to make somthing specific. Don't make somthing specific! Go nuts! I come back to it even with the story complete just to make some crazy stuff. (P.S That backpack is very useful if you like making special items every time you play!)
A good game, a GREAT one at that. You ever wanted to do parkour? Be a Ninja? and shoot GOD DAMN LASERS!? Well now you can in what I call -Laser Ninja of Death Remix Party: The Game-. In all honesty the combat is fluid, when I say that I mean their arms fall of and leak fluid everywhere, the parkour is a joy but the camera takes some time to get used to, A great game, if only those platnium transactions wern-'t there... Oh well.
It's an old game indeed it is, but a great one, a gem at that! It's a steam must have and it was a revolution to the sandbox genre. GMOD is a versatile sandbox that you can tweak the very physics of objects and change them however! I like creating slingshots, hovercars, cars you can't drive because they're way to fast... and hey! You can even put faces on melons! This game can get a little buggy, but all bugs here are halarious! and if you have friends to play with, your in for one hell of a treat!
A game similar to cookie clicker that has more features and mechanics! In detail you start squeezing some lemons to building a vast oil rig, the goal is simply to gain as much money as possible, Im playing it as I write this as I hired managers to play while I-'m not even there! This game was on Kongregate and I like it there and even better here! Try it out, it-'s free! I reccomend it. Plus, it made it to the -Most Popular- 1st page in 3 days, it-'s done somthing right!
A game with nine classes, with different weapons and styles. This is what call of duty didn-'t do, and Valve said -Hey, that call of duty -'aint doin-' it right, this is how it-'s done!- and sugar coated it with sweet graphics and dynamic lightning. Just a peice of goodness that you don-'t want to miss out on! Plus, it-'s free.
A peculiar yet facinating game where you play as somone who you think might be on drugs, might be obsessed, but definatly belongs in an asylum.
An insane and cheap rage experience. It's like a rave and school start curb-stomping you on the street, or if santa and the easter bunny could throw up cornchips and neopolitan icecream. Never again will you hate Hexagons and other polygons so much.
