A very enjoyable and engaging fighting game, with amazing hand-drawn animations. The fan-servicey characters are a little obnoxious, but the great gameplay makes up for it. If I wasn't so obsessed with Super Smash Bros I would probably enjoy this a lot more, as I have trouble keeping up with the intense combos and stuff. The game has a fantastic tutorial system though, which gives you a huge list of things to try out.
For someone who is terrified of water, especially the ocean and mainly because of sharks, I find it amazing that I have enjoyed this game so much! Both classes are fun to play and the game's content at the current time is substantial enough as we wait for future updates. The game looks great on other computers as my current PC isn't the best in the world, and the sound design is great too. Lots of fun with friends and it can indeed be a scary time!
Ohhh boy...this game is FANTASTIC, but be ready to be tested more than ever! This game is brutally difficult, but you have infinite lives, so at least that's fair. This game has a TON of replayability, unlockable characters, side levels, achievements and MORE for you to sink your teeth into!Just buy this, it's amazing. A ton of retro game throwbacks too, like Mega Man, Castlevania and Mario!
AirMech is a very nice Tower Defence/Action/Strategy game, where you can play as the character that you are using to defend your main base. You deploy robots such as tanks, soldiers, and sentry turrets. You can purchase things such as Creepers from Minecraft, Turrets and Companion Cubes from Portal, and EVEN popular YouTubers as pilots and other cool references. The game is Free 2 Play, so I recommend you play it as a try, if you want. My username is TheGreenHill, as telekinesticman doesn't fit. Feel free to friend me!
Primal Carnage is an amazing game! You can play as dinosaurs in a third-person gameplay perspective, or play as the humans in first-person shooter gameplay. As the dinosaurs you attack (or even eat) the human team. As the humans, you shoot the dinosaurs. The game is an asymmetrical multiplayer game, meaning that each class and character is completely different. I created a review of this game on my YouTube channel if you want to check it out, and I recommend you all play Primal Carnage!
If you love space, like myself, this physics simulator is for you! So much fun to stuff around with!
NEW REVIEW:$7 for a remastered classic? Yes please! While Sonic 2 and Sonic 3 & Knuckles are better (in my opinion), Sonic CD has been immortalised in this fantastic port for Steam, PSN, XBLA and mobile devices! Redone sprites, both soundtracks (aka inclusion of the SUPERIOR Japanese soundtrack) and the addition of playable Tails are all part of this beautiful remaster!Now, let's get SEGA to let the devs of this port their Sonic 1 and 2 mobile versions to PC and consoles, and to make a Sonic 3K remastered! #Sonic3&KnucklesIsTheGreatestGameEverMadeORIGINAL REVIEW:This game is amazing if you really like the 90's Sonic games, and if you want a shake-up with some time travel! The achievements give it some extra mileage too. Buy this and support SEGA!
