Game is WarZ. Do not make the same mistake I did. I thought this would be a great alternative to DayZ as my computer couldn't run it, but seemed like it could run this. This game is full of hackers and only has servers in US and Europe.
Ever wanted a game which Murica ♥♥♥♥ yeah! is not the winner?Get Spec ops: The Line.Ever wanted a game which showed you the effects of war on yourself and others?Get Spec ops: The Line.Ever wanted a game which not only got you immersed in the game world, but also got you attached to the characters?Get Spec ops: The Line.This should not be classed as a game, but more an interactive work of art. It tells a story of a squad of American soldiers fighting their way through Dubai to try and free the citizens from the evil John Konrad. The game portrays the effects that PTSD has on soldiers and how a simple rescue mission can turn into a mass graveyard.This game is not -FUN- it is a serious story-based game which would be best played over a weekend as it can be beaten in roughly 8-9 hours. Final thoughts:This game is amazing and you should buy it once on sale because it is a short story, but great none the less. Also do not read anything about it until you finish it because the game will be ruined as there are too many spoilers.Also the game mechanics are awful, so play it on normal difficulty because the gameplay isn-'t fantastic and you can easily get killed out of the blue by things.
I have over 200 games on steam. Everytime I launch steam I wonder what to play out of my huge backlog. Yet I play Dota 2. Great game with great mechanics!Reccommended to all who want a competitive game, but do not want to spend money on games like CS:GO or StarCraft 2.
Game ruined my life...Ehhh who cares. Who needs good grades when you can have a good rank!
I found out about the witcher series by accident and I am so happy that I did. After playing about 15 minutes of the first game I almost gave up on the series, but luckily I didn't and I am writing this review.I bought this game when it first came out and boy how it has changed since the first time I played it. The developers have really poured their hearts and souls into making the The Witcher 3. I am a little ashamed that I have played so little of it to be honest, but its hard finding enough time to truly enoy this game. It is not a game you can play for an hour or two every so often because there is so much going on with the story and if you stop playing for a bit you forget about what else happened (and there is a lot of stuff happening around you)You should really buy this game if you like RPG's, this is hands down the best one there is and it actually feels like you are immersed in the witcher universe.Words can't express how great this game is, just buy it, its well worth the money.
Lots of memes and stuff.Better than the other borderlands games to be honest.Doesn't have annoying Australian lesbian who does not stop telling you she is lesbian. Like wtf lady I ain't gonna hit on you.The characters are pretty good in this game with some nice references which aren't just for PewDiePie subscribers.Memes - 8/8 pretty gr8 m9 - 1Gameplay - 9/10Story - 6/10Characters/ personalities - 7.5/10References - 8/10
Jumped into water, got attacked by an aligator and then ♥♥♥♥ myself.11/10Serious note: This game is alot of fun and the stealth is done really really well in my opinion. The only bad thing I have to say about this game is that it has magical powers and stuff which doesn't fit the game too well. I would reccomend buying it on sale if you enjoy FPS games and want to have a casual experience.
This game is awesome! You skii around, do tricks and go really fast! It does have some glitches, but its in alpha, so it is okay. I just wish they would put snowboards in :(
This game is pretty much L4D having a baby with DayZ. A serious, but fun survival game with numerous tasks that you must complete in a team of upto 8 players.
