This is an amazing piece of software! It does everything it says it does perfectly and buttery smooth, and for only $NZ 3.00! This will be perfect for me when I want to just lie back and not have to be slouched over my keyboard all the time. It will also be great later this year when I get a Steam Link, allowing me to stream my PC to the TV in the lounge, because I won't have to go all the way back to my room to switch games!The setup is so simple, a toddler could do it! You simply launch the software from steam, turn on the controller, and that's it! I highly recommend this software to anyone who uses a controller with their PC,  whether that be for playing games or other purposes!
Great game, lots of potential since it's still only in alpha, but I have to agree with one or two other reviewers here that it needs alot of optimisation. My computer should have no issues running a game like this, I have a quad-core 3.0 GHz processor, 4 GB RAM and a GeForce GTS 450 (old, I know, but still runs most games fine), but it often drops to a low FPS especially when approaching cars and AI that are clumped together at a high speed.Other than that small issue, it's a great game with lots of potential, but I will have to wait for some optimisation updates to play further.
I played the entire first episode in one go and was quite satisfied with it. I found the story quite interesting/engaging, and there was some light humour along the way as well which made me laugh from time to time. You have to play it yourself to know whether or not you'll like it, but if you found all of Telltale's other games engaging, then you'll probably enjoy this too.
This game is visually stunning, has great animations, and the intro scene is interactive and teaches you about the physically-based crafting system. The only (very minor) issue I had was the lack of graphics settings, there is no resolution setting, so no matter what you put the resolution on it will default back to your screen's native resolution. Other than that, this game is well worth the $15.
