It's what dreams are made of.
This game is pretty cool.Nothing is specifically better than everything else like in skyrim.You can use hammers and be cool which is fun.Shimmering Isles dlc is one of the best dlc's I've had the pleasure of experiencing.Oblivion gates are ♥♥♥♥ing stupid.7/10
First of all I'm gonna give a little PSA.This game is suffering.It is a rage enducing, mind crushing, rationality destroying piece of ♥♥♥♥.If you can get past that, then it's the greatest ♥♥♥♥ing game ever.The final boss killed me one hundred times, the under water level is suffering, and I love it.The soundtrack is gorgeous, expecially the final boss track (which was the only damn thing that kept me trying to beat it.) and the animation is bright, and cute. This game is not for people who get angry at video games, nor people who think that platformers should be easy. Over all I say this game is the best thing ever 12/10 buy it you nerds.
This game is just amazing. I can't think of what to say.It's been so long since I've played a game with so much charisma, and so much personality, it was such a refreshing experience. It has so many things that'll just knock you down and make you laugh for hours in it, which might take a playthrough or two to find, I can't express how much I love this game accurately enough, I hope there's a Jazzpunk 2 because that would make me so happy.11/10 I need some Work enhancing drugs.
This game is a great time killer. Buy it if you want something to pass 15 minutes while waiting for something, or before school.Buy it or get your friends to buy it for you, like I did. 7/10.
What can I say.It's Dragon Age: Origins.My favourite game of ALL TIME. This game is ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic. The fighting is complex and makes you think about your next move. It's in depth, which you can spend HOURS reading about, the character development for every party member is ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic on so many levels, the variety of enemies to fight is just beautiful. I truly believe that if bioware were to make another game like this I'd suck a whole lot of ♥♥♥♥ to play it. The soundtrack is gorgeous. The environments are fantastic, and the bosses. Oh the bosses.They're actually difficult! It's incredible! Buy this game and play the ♥♥♥♥ out of it. Also Ps don't use wintersday gifts if you actually wanna get some satisfaction out of conquering leliana. :^)10/10
Literally one of my favourite games ever.Lots of replayability, lots of hidden stuff that will rock your socks off, and lots of guns.Like. LOTS of guns. Dialogue is fantastic, gameplay is fantastic, shootouts are cool, soundtrack is awesome, and all the character development is really cool. Dlc is definately the highlight of the game, vanilla is boring compared to the dlc, and the dlc has tons of replayability as well.I have a few gripes with this game, as I do with any game, and they are that the npc ai is kinda ♥♥♥♥♥♥, some weapons are obsolete compared to others, and the way the game can force you into bad situations like in sierra madre dlc is kinda offputting, creating a sense of artificial difficulty if you haven't put points into your skills right. Healing items are too plentiful early, and too scarce late, making you have to level up science and search the wastes for broc flowers and ♥♥♥♥. Although besides all that stuff the game is still fantastic. Get it and play it at your closest convinience.8/10
