I'll keep it sharp and sweet.Pro's:Had new guns, new enemies and new objectives and abilities.Playable ClaptrapCon's:Game broke first day of release.Pre-order maps not avalible in Australia.Took over 15 days of Steam Support and 2K assistance to get game working. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ early pumped out game that was just Borderlands 2 extended DLC type content. Felt like no real story behind characters unlike in BL2.Keys won't unlock weapons equal to or over the characters level, constant lvl 15 greens to a lvl 32 Claptrap is just wasting a key.Overall it had new content but nowhere near worthy of being called the Borderlands Pre-Sequel in their series. Tales of the Borderlands had a better story and it was a side game ffs. Would not recommend: 2/10
Played the Saints Row games for a very long time and each game always brings a little something extra to the table. SR4 has......questionable...interactions with fellow friends in the game. Many may not like it but i think the developers had a good kick out of iuncluding it in the game. If you don't know what i mean you will after playing thios game for a few hours.Unfortunatily no matter how awesome Saints Row VI is i can't get behind the aliens.Specifically driving down a section of road just chillen to hack a station and they will just pop up out of nowhere when you haven't even raised a enemy alarm. Just annoys alot cause you can barely get a good pedestrain bumper combo before the alein swarm wrecks everything. Awesome game with new powers, weapons that run on energy instead of bullets so that's a huge saving in ammo.The ability to run super-fast and smash vechiles out of the way is really awesome if you need a quick getaway.
Awesome graphics and has a awesome story which makes even side missions epic and gorgeous to play. :D-Buy this butt-stallion- -Handsome Jack.11/10
Worst game ever.I swear the designers did a line before releasing this cause the fools reckon playing with a xbox 360 controller, that using both hands on the far right to perfom basic attacks or even combos is what someone wants to do.That means you can not move around like the older versions and fight, you have to have both hands on the right stick and the buttons 99% in a fight which is ridiculous. Spent over a hour looking through all ther settings and there is no way you can change any of the buttons to accommodate your playing style or feel. Wwe 2k15 was nothing compared to it's ps2 version.I give this broken game a 2/10.That 2 goes to the high res nips on John Cena in the title menu.
