Ok, so let me start by saying I do enjoy this game a lot, but I (and im sure many others) would like it a lot better if there were more dino's and possibly even more weapons, but I'm not too fussed about it.GAMEPLAYtheHunter: Primal is a hunting game. So don't go into it expecting to be able to kill the dino's, cook their meat and eat it, or be able to build a shelter. This game is a survival game, but not in the sense like the forest or stranded deep. I haven't played the normal theHunter game so I'm not sure if this game has the same mechanics, but i do enjoy the tracking system, and the ability to use stealth to your advantage to either hunt or get away from a dino. The game has no plot or storyline which does make it a bit boring for those people who expect to have an overall mission. 8/10 for gameplay.THE MAPThe world that this game is set on is visually stunning (if you have a decent computer) and is actually really big, so you can spend a lot of hours just navigating your way around the map and discovering the different environments which in itself is enjoyable. The addition of settlements is great because they can provide players with a goal or shelter. 10/10 for the map.MULTIPLAYERThis game is pretty much just a multiplayer game. There is no point even bothering to play singleplayer because you will die. I am yet to play on a PvP server because personally I find it more enjoyable to hunt with others, not against them. This game is meant for friends to actually play together and take down a rex, which is why you can buy it in a 4-pack. You will find people even in PvE servers that will backstab you and take your stuff, but you will find even more people that will help you survive if you are a new player ( I have helped multiple new player get to a settlement and get some gear). 8/10 for multiplayer.DINO AI, SPAWNRATE AND HITBOXESOk, so this is defeniatly the biggest issue that the game has. The AI for most of the dino's is really annoying and is kinda dumb (they are working on improving this though). The spawnrate of dino's is actually reasonably good at the moment, and pretty much all old players will know of the problems created by some updates (When they increased the rex spawn rate so you couldn't walk through a field without seeing 10 rexes, and the Quetz update where you couldn't walk though a field without being dropped to your death). The hitboxes at the moment are terrible and gotta be fixed. I have been picked up by quetz's when i am standing 10 feet on either side of it, and bitten by Utahraptors even when I sidestep them. 6/10 for the AI, spawnrate and hitboxesOVERALL VERDICTOverall, i would defeniatly recommend this game for people looking for a game which provides a good teamwork experience, and are looking to make friends while hunting dino's (it's a win-win if you ask me). I would tell people that want a game where they can just jump in and start spraying dino's to look somewhere else.8/10 rating for the whole game.
