Magcika is the best mage game around with witty jokes and a smart story with ridiculously huge range range of spells for you to cast at your will. Although the game gets unrelentingly hard at times so its a must with friends.
THE SUPERHERO THAT NOBODY NEEDED........ MCPIXEL.WITH HIS LIGHTNING FAST KICKS AND STUPIDLY SMALL BLADDER HE IS READY TO SAVE THE DAY.10/10
This game represents everything you would find in the Oregeon trail like the part were you jumped so high you orbited the... HEY WAIT A SECOND.
I hadn't really played the other hitman games as much as this I know It kind of kills the story of the prevoius games. (SPOILER ALERT)I mean several games all running up to killing mostly everyone you knew in the game is quite a shame. It makes the story feel slightly rushed and makes you think they just wanted to completelly kill all hitman stood for.But without the story coming into the rest the game in amazing. Fluid controls makes it so fun to mostly all that you want. The game is rather large and provides tons things to do. You can get lost in this game so quickly with its beautiful graphics,stunning gameplay and content.That just wants you to come back for more. 9/10
I would like to reccomend this game to all, the story is great, arcade and more leave you with tons of fun but if you're like me and bought it on PC mainly for multiplayer you're goin to be dissapointed. You'll spend most of your time waiting for someone to accept your request for match only to have MK crash, laggy fights or the connection just cant handle it. Anyway the game is stupidly good to play with lots of content offline,yet let down by horrible multiplayer.
Amazingly planned and has all plus more elements a sneak game sould have. Defenately worth it. 9.5/10
AMAZING
Team Fortress 2 is by far the best free to play game on steam right now  and probably always will be  . I have been playing this game on and off for years and my large experience with the game has been amazing. With a large array of community maps and gamemodes implemented regularly this game  despite it's age  keeps players interested and involved in the gameplay. Team Fortress 2 is also very easy to pick up for newer player to the FPS genre. With a somewhat decent community at times and stock weapons  arguably the best weapons  being not only easy to use, but very strong. And of course there are many different and fun weapons to choose from that let players create their own play style and develop a truly unique skill compared to many other FPS games. One downside to note is the server connection. I live in Australia and there have been countless times where i am unable to find a match with decent ping , altough there are many servers with fantastic connections of 40-60 mps noone seems to play on them and rather to play on the higher ping server that are usually full. Which brings me to my next point..... The player baseTeam Fortress 2 recently suffered a big hit after an unpoplar update was released, making the game feel more like valves other succesfull title Counter Strike: Global Offensive. This angered many players claiming the game was now too much like Counter Strike and was no longer the Team Fortress 2 they loved and played  I hate it too  . This caused some players to quit the game, therefore making the community smaller and many servers sadly empty. Aside that though, this game has aged fantastically and i think it is far from dead. This game delivers strong gameplay, fun mechanics, interesting classes, and so much more. My final rating for team fortress 2 is a 9.5-10 PS: i didn't include hats cuz keys atm are like 19 ref or some ♥♥♥♥...... so ♥♥♥♥ that 
