TML Studios have published yet another quite detailed simulator. Almost OMSI like levels of interaction with the bus, a lot of features are necessary to the game and gives that extra feel of realism. Those owners of Euro Truck Simulator 2 that would enjoy taking a bus for a spin would love this game. Some small features are missing, such as passengers actually walking onto the bus, but as with all TML games, only functional games are published with very little bugs that aren't game breaking.I tecommend this game to anyone looking for a bus simulator that is both pleasing to the eye and in depth.
If you are here for a simple sim...this is not for you. If you have an interest in busses and how they actually work, this is for you. If you are an aspiring bus driver or just someone with an immense knowledge of these massive vehicles, this is the game for you.You control everything, the bus (doors, passenger comfort, anything that can be opened or switched) , the climate (to the specific detail even) and even what happens. If you only want to enjoy the Vanilla OMSI 2, that is all fine and dandy, it is excellent in vanilla, (aside from a few hicups here and there) but the full experience comes from modders who are bus fans like the creators of the game.I personally like the MAN NG272, which has superb sound effects, but if it was out of addon busses, it would go to the Mercedes Banz O530G Citaro and the Volvo 9900 Coach. Both are great and work greatly. The Volvo even goes as far as using MOBITEC Destination Displays with the MobiICU400.A game truly for the bus fan, one which gives you the most control over your environment and vehicle. If you are here for a simple sim, you might want to try City Bus Simulator 2012 or City Bus SImulator Munichen by Astragon Software. (A much simpler sim, but boring for someone like me) OMSI offers a real challenge and is worth every last cent/penny
Absolutely demanding of your computer. While mine is not High End, it is entireley capable of running many a complex game such as Spintires, GTA V, Watch_Dogs. But something is very wrong here with the needs for this game to run smoothly, unless you have a powerful machine, don't buy.
