I can-'t really call myself a true Resident Evil fan, I-'ve only recently managed to play Resident Evil 4 and have never played any of the original games (I.E Resident Evil 1-3). I will go ahead now and say I rather enjoy this game quite a bit, it-'s certainly got enough charm for a quick game every now and then but it doesn-'t have the lasting draw that most other RE games have. Resident Evil: Operation Raccoon City did some things right, but did quite a lot at a mediocre level and some things plain badly, so I-'ll tell you what i think, and you can decide for yourself.The Good -The Character design: The characters and most enemies in this game are quite varied in appearance and personality, and I like that. Mainly I-'m talking about Wolf Pack here, they each have an interesting back-story that is never mentioned in-game (you-'ll need an external source like a wikia for that) and they all look unique and interesting. Personally if they were a little more developed I wouldn-'t mind seeing them in other games.-The Music: I-'ll say now regardless of how one-sided my opinion is, I love the music in the game. It-'s a mix of atmospheric tones to intense dramatic symphonies, all of them fit their respective situations perfectly.The Okay-The Cover mechanics: Cover in this game is a bit iffy, some things you can hide behind others you can-'t sometimes you can shoot from cover sometimes you can-'t. It-'s kinda like rolling the dice with your health and that-'s never a good thing.-The Combat mechanics: Combat is arguably the main aspect of RE:ORC, and when the main aspect of the game isn-'t the best part of the game, you-'re not in for a good time. Recoil feels almost non-existent but bullet spread is a pain to manage, especially with the less accurate weapons. The meele combat is okay, however performing executions and special moves is unresponsive and it usually takes multiple attempts to perform one.The Bad- Enemy design : Enemies in this game can be easily described with the term -bullet sponge-. They all take a hell of a lot of ammo to kill and that-'s not helping the face you hardly have any to begin with. This isn-'t a problem when it comes to the slow and easy to deal with zombies, but when faced with enemy humans, hunters and lickers it becomes a huge problem and is even more apparent in the harder difficulties. Additionally shooting enemies hardly causes them to react, they just take it like nothing has happened most of the time which is frustrating when it comes to already hard to kill enemies like the hunters or the final boss depending on what choice you make.- The Story: Not much to say here, even for a spin off title in an alternate reality the story of this game is really weak and boring with no real development of characters.All in all, RE:ORC is a game that-'s fun with friends, but not worth the given price-tag. Give it a shot if you can ever get it cheaper but don-'t expect to be amazed by the game.
Kingdoms Rise is without a doubt a game with a lot of potential but one that still needs a bit of work.The gameplay mechanics itself are pretty great, the idea of spells in the game are well done in some ways, and the map design is certainly interesting, encouraging players to learn the maps and think of certain strategies associated with those maps. And for being early in development the character customization is rather good, even if it could be better.However there are some bad things, the animations when it comes to attacks and such are rather boring, and don't have the same amount of 'feeling' in it compared to games like Chivarly (granted, Chivalry did have a bigger dev team and more funds). The lack of music in the game certainly doesn't help, not even a light ambience in the main menu, making the game feel rather dull honestly. Hitboxes feel off, and during online play people with only a 20 ping difference seem to have a large advantage of those with higher ping, making the hitbox issue even worse.Overall, I'd give this game a 6/10, the idea is great, it just needs to be refined a bit more.
This game will leave you afraid to sleep incase you have nightmares. FEAR has made me greatly change my tune as to how scary a horror game can really be. Most horror games these days are more focused on action than actually scaring the player, leaving you wanting an actual scare. FEAR does something remarkable, it sucessfully blends horror and action into one game, making for a very intense experience. Overall, I'd give it a 9.5/10 on the scare factor, and a 7/10 on the action factor.
Many people would say this isn't one of the best games Valve has created, but I beg to differ. If you can find a server with socialable people then you are almost garunteed to have some sort of fun. It could be just messing around with some like-minded fellows or going on a killing spree there's always some fun to be had.
