-You have the same music looping forever. -Unrealistic weapons with very short ammo.-Ammo boxes only fills 1 weapon.-The zombies were unique, we have mini tank, dracula, Harley Queen and others. -10 fps. -Can't see ♥♥♥♥-You can keep moving even if you are dead.-Zombies can even hurt you after death.-Friend gifted me this.-We are not friends anymore10/10 would never play it again.
An upgrade from the first game. Harder than before but more addicting.
Had some problems with the game at the beginning like lag and slow performance but after fixing it (most people just quit it at first glance without trying anything) the game is fantastic!Smooth fast gameplay, each character is unique unless they are reskins, the graphics looks lovely and it feels amazing looking the characters interact with each other before the match begins.If you are a fan of fighting games and One Piece, you will love it!
This game.. This game is totally beautiful. I can't say a lot of thing of it but...The story is creative, meaningful and full of feels.I only played the pacifist run. And i dont want to reset it. Just play the game. Don't watch walkthroughs or anything to spoil you. You will love every pixel of it.
As much as i like Sonic games, this just disappoints me.-I don-'t feel like I-'m playing a Sonic game, i feel so damn slow going through the levels. Why is there a run button? You are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Sonic, you should always be fast.-The levels feels so short, i understand that it have multiple path and everything but with the speed I-'m going with Sonic, even with the infinite spindash they are short.Some level desing has bugs and weird placing of objects, i feel the -worlds- where made up without good level desing, it feels so much the same, same bushes, same trees.. Also, why would you add 2D sections in a 3D Sonic game and make it more slower than the 3D parts? I had a hard part in the Desert Zone 4, why would i wait for the screen to move? I have to run away from a ♥♥♥♥ing tornado that is more slower than Big The Cat! -The bosses... Jeez why would most of the boss fights being in 2D? This is not a 2D Sonic game, it felt so damn easy beating them and their fighting style wasn-'t even original like i felt i-'ve been playing another 2D game rather than Sonic Lost Worlds. -They really ♥♥♥♥ed up the rails mechanic, why cant i change rails like in Sonic Adventure 2, Shadow The Hedhehog, etc. I have to jump manually, and they feel so slow.-Sonic & Tails feels like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ now and make really weird conversations in the cutscene, they dont give a ♥♥♥♥ when they discovered that they world is going to be suck up and die. What the hell? And the cutscenes between battles and story didnt make sense.Yes, its a good port. It have good graphics and its easy to mess around in the settings for better resolution, etc. But i wouldn-'t recommend and i really was hyped while knowing it was going out for pc. This is garbage.
