One of the best co-op game i ever played, shoting cops? why not? thats the only thing can do in video games >:D.Use to be fun game, but DLCs is getting more and more Powerful or required to use on high challenge diffucult.After the Winter Captain update, this game is getting more harder without buying some Weapon DLCs which is the DEV starting to ruining the community.Sample : CrimeFest 2015 update, Microtransaction thingy like CSGO case and key opening.Update 100: Finally they giving Free grenade and weapon and better Skill-tree in the update, now overall game became more fun to play instead of struggling like before.And they removed the Safe and Drill stuff now, at least its still something good to know.Overall it was enjoyable gameplay, just ignore those Microtransaction thingy.- 7.5/10 Chrisy-Doodles
400hours of gameplay, i still havent learn the spray/recoil control. What i learn just spray and prayDominated by 3000hour player (legit), but dominated by 40hours player (FML)Fancy Graphic, just like Left 4 dead 2 little bit and nice game playFancy skins and gameplay,Con: Just WoW
So far is the Best Heist DLCs for me yet, even Biker heist dlc still can't better than this.1st - Map design is great2nd - Very Challenging Heist, Cops spawning very fast and So much fun during endless Assault wave.3rd - The baby Deagle is badass, but is not the point for buying this dlc for the weapon after the game have White Streak pistol which is Same stats compare to this Baby Deagle.Cons : Birth of Sky is awesome, Behemoth moutain still cool. Overall better than other Heist dlc 
Very fun Minecraft looks ARPG F2p game, worth a try,Too bad it just have West country servers, hopefully they can have Asia server
Too Many Colors, just like on Drugs XD
Very fun survival gameIts difficult to survive without look for guide, but its fun.One of the best survive game so farIf include Reign of giant for DST will be epic!Here how i lose DST survive:Berry farm burned by flame houndCamp got rekt by Deerclop giantday 4 awake the Tree guard...
Well this game look not bad at allFancy graphic and gameplay
Wub wub wub, Catch some gun!!! Everybody play Borderlands 2!~~~Best co-op game i played so far Epic Story and FPS with RPG experiences...Ruin my life...
This game is Great!, one of the best F2P gameplay balanced game(you dont have to pay for goods, unless you dont have patience to unlock). So give it a tryFor me,this game can't be play very long time, this game stuff are same over and over for me. That why i quit. so yeah.....Every new class or weapons came out, have to train over and over same steps to train.Updated: after  latest update 16 i come back, the game actually changed alot, at least have some quest system and character quest too which made me really like it even though actual thing still same but still worth to play for while.
1 of the best game to play with friends, i never regret and dissapoint from this game. I love their game when they release castle crasher. And this game have a lot of fun to play with. Never Regret!
