I bought this game almost a year ago and I will now show my thoughts and feelings towards this game. I never played 1.6, but I played something like 48 hours of CSS. The beauty of the game is how much more simpler and to the point it is, no kill streaks you have to constantly worry about being destroyed by, and no perks which can make games very uneven. Everything is just available to you as soon as you download it. The only purchasable items give you no advantage, and are simply just cosmetic items which some people will go in great lengths to collect, gathering an inventory of up $10k+. I played the casual game mode for the first 24 hours of the game, and then finally hopped in  matchmaking, where you are given a rank after 10 games. You only get matched up with people around the same skill level as you which is great, unlike other games where you get destroyed until you manage to gather enough skill to fight back.There are some hackers in this game who try to hide that, but often they eventually get banned by VAC or Overwatch, which is a thing in the game which gives experienced players the chance to watch games where players think -The Suspect- Was hacking, to which they then choose a verdict.The game is good for veterans and newbies alike, as gun play and movement has since been changed since older titles. Overall the game is a must buy for anyone into competitive first person shooters, and the great thing being that I have earned the $15 back just from getting and selling items that randomly dropped in game for me. Its wonderful.10/10 Without some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 1 line joke review
This is my most played game on steam, most of the community is awesome, and it is great to see this game finally getting the attention it deserves, there are so many unique game modes to discover, adn if you are into the classic sandbox gamemode , there is still tons of support, as in models, maps, items being made for it. All running on the reliable source engine which is still holding its ground almost 10 years later.
