I tried to like this game, I really did but...Nothing about the game seems finished... including the actual game. Taking the episode approch, if you want to even finish this game you-'ll have to pay for the inital game and then for each new episode. The entire game is buggy to the point where simply trying to play the game gets frustrating. If you progress though the story, try to do a simple dilevery quest, try to farm... I assure you you will find a bug that makes it unplayable. I can understand early release on games for a community that have waited a long time but ... is it to much to ask for the core game mechanics to be functional prior to -release-?Finally, the towns people... I know they have a secret... I understand it is part of the story (even if you can-'t get immersed in the story due to the aforementioned bugs which ruin it)... I can even accept that no one is ever where they are suppose to be (I-'m talking to you store owners... 9-5 means 9-5 not 10 and only 10... maybe but fridays only... one day a month) but do the towns folk really have to treat the player like absolute garbage? You move in and they quite literally treat your existance there as a crime... it-'s a farming sim not a maximum security prison. I have to child proof my house because I am worried my little farming buddy might have some suicidal tendencies with all the from all the abuse. It will make it very hard to forgive them when... if they ever view you as a friend. I can-'t play the game as it is right now... I will give it one more chance when it is complete but as of now nothing about this game is fun. Harvest Moon got it right just stick with them for now.
A lovely game with a soft story. Absolutly amazing if you enjoy calm games, the beginning is wonderful, but without any spoilers, the end leaves you semi-empty and let down ... wanting more. I would pay more if they lengthed the stroy and fixed the ending/post game play.
A wonderful sleeper hit, as well as arguably the longest escort mission in gaming history. ENSLAVED is themed off of the chinese classic journey to the west, reimagined with a post apocalyptic twist. The entire game has a mysterious allure about it with the greatest charm coming from the ending where you just really don't know who was right.
With beautiful music, an alluring story, and marvelous gameplay it is an insult that you don't already own this game. You play as Ori and you adventure though the forest restoring the lost light and bring back hope. I can not reccommend this game enough. The only downfalls I found in this game were, I felt a little bit lonely the entire game (but that's me personally) and after you complete the game you can't play a complete file as far as I can tell. Besides that, the game is perfect.
The game is ok overall, with the top selling point being you are able to create your own DBZ fighter. You are able to make her/him an absolute unstoppable force with a sense of style but to get those moves and clothes you better be ready for countless hours of grinding on the same mission. If you do grind make sure to do so with a friend because bots are about as helpful as Yamcha in a fight… and sometimes you actually have to keep them alive. The DBZ xenoverse character selection is meagre at best, opting for the lesser known minions such as siberman, raspberry, or appule to occupy the limited spots. In saying that though 90% of the time you only want to play as your creation anyway. Finally if you just wanted to hang out with your friend on the online server in tokitoki city, good luck it is near impossible to be on the same server and you can’t invite each other. Overall the gameplay is ok, the controls fine, and the fighting fair (you can’t spam ki blasts). Any shortcomings xenoverse has may be fixed with upcoming DLC.
