No words. None.
Pure, hardcore Counter-Strike in its rawest form. The godfather of shooters. If you truly love competitve CS, you will love this.I love this game and have a lot of respect for the fragmovies, but it requires skill so I'm unfortuantely ♥♥♥♥ at it. Maybe one day.
One of my favorite F2P games. Great open world combat, with strong teamwork at hand and amazing scenery. Large army based tactics, down to squad-level work. In this game you don't fight battles. You fight wars. Shame about the microtransactions
A pointless DayZ mod story:I played this game endlessly for over a year, playing vanilla DayZ mod from mid-late 2013 to early 2014 when I moved to DayZ Epoch. On the quiet Epoch server, the next few months were a blast as I became a loyal member and moderator of the Redline Gamers community until it died down over late 2014.After all this I can tell you my time playing DayZ has been the most entertaining, often exhilarating, sometimes calming and unforgettable experiences I-'ve had ever.There is nothing more stressing than going to loot a military base  in fear of a far ghillied sniper. Nothing more angering than your pilotting friend crashing your precious helicopter into a mountain because he was -looking at the map-. Nothing more enjoyable than the memes, jokes, good times and friends I-'ve made being part of a community here.Ive talked to many different people, made friends and heard stories. Witnessed many acts of great kindness and many acts of pure evil. And witnessed some of the most unreal situations and events that only this game, in all it-'s realism and conplexity, could create.Whether you are genuinely trying to survive in the attempted realism of DayZ mod or gearing up a base with your friends to murder every other player in DayZ Epoch, this game is the right stuff. Two years on I still remember some of the things that happened in this game and people I-'ve met. Arma and its mods are titled as realistic simulators, and the memories of this game I have are VERY real
Picked this up with some ridiculous discount on the Just Cause series. Most fun I've ever had with under $5. GTA V on a budget without the limits of basic physics.
Very enjoyable and very competitive shooter. A mix of everything and a good alternative for bored CS players (like me). Visuals are strong, aim is relevant and strategy is signifigant.
One of the best free games on Steam. Gameplay and graphics are of very high quality
I wish Global Offensive was more like this...
For free, you can be screamed at by 8 year olds and dominated by hackers in the same, narrow game for 4 hours straight every day of your prepubescent childhood. EDIT: Never-mind we now have CS:GO for this...
If I find myself with some life to spare I will donate it to this broken game. Great for people lacking direction or ambitions in life.
