After an Hour and a Half of playing I can already see the major con of this game. The lack of communication. I don't know what it is but I feel like I am the only one communicating with the team. This is really frustrating and can lead to failure. I feel that the lack of it removes from the immersion, which this game with it's fantastic lighting and level design, has. It is a great looking game, with some of the best lighting I've seen in a game since I first played Interstellar Marines. If you have friends to play this game on a team with, I highly recommend it. If you can cope with the lack of communication, it's still worth a pickup. Otherwise, it will only be fun for a few hours. If I can persuade some of my friends to buy this game then I will get it, otherwise I will rush to get this game.
I just completed the first set of levels after just under an hour (50 minutes) and I have to say I am pretty impressed. Paid 20c and this game is really enjoyable. It's probably not the game to lose heaps of hours in, I'm sure I'll do at least 2 full play-throughs at about 4 hours total, but there is no real replay value apart from the fact the game itself is really fun. There is no story, no real variety in enemies, and no people to talk to (apart from at the beginning and end of each level for a very quick debriefing, which is still only text). But at a price like this, I can't argue. Even at the full $3 price it's well worth it. If you miss your old nintendo 64, gamecube and PS2 games then this is one for you. It certainly feels like a worthwhile indie gem for all to enjoy.
Monaco: What-'s Yours is Mine is a fantastic game! Don-'t let my playtime mislead you, I have played this game on the Xbox 360 aswell, and my oh my is this game fun. It-'s unique style of gameplay really makes for a great experience. And in such a game like this the soundtrack is brilliant. I love it, the music is so important in this game and it none less than excels too. I would recommend this to all people, if you like stealth or don-'t, if you prefer Co-Op games or play alone, to people I-'ve met on the street or my mother (who only plays Candy Crush - on an iPhone, might I ad), or even my girlfriend-'s brother who said - and meant it - that -The only reason he gets every game on xbox is because the graphics are so much better on console than PC.-9/10 - For Casual Gamers, Hardcore Gamers, and everyone inbetween. This game really is a treat for all
Modern Warfare 2, the 6th installment in the Call of Duty series, is a phenominon. This is a game I still enjoy 5 years after it-'s release! The campaign is brilliant and much fun. The -No Russian- mission is still a great one in my opinion. Not many games dare to go where Infinity Ward did with that mission. And they managed to pass it off successfully. Showing off the sheer brutality of Makarov and his crew. Now it isn-'t as graphically appealing as such games like Battlefield 3, but it is great for a CoD game. This is when the graphics of CoD was at it-'s finest. And nowadays, not to beat around the bush, but... CoD is now the most ♥♥♥♥ franchise in existence. I hate it. The only reason I bought MW2 was for how much fun it was and how much it brought to the table for FPS games.  It still manages to be enjoyable and so much fun. Spec-Ops is brillaint with a friend. Hours on end went into Spec-Ops splitscreen on my Xbox 360.Overall, I would only recommend this game now to people that still enjoy this game and are willing to pay this amount of money for a few hundred online players, the campaign (which nearly everyone has played before) and the Spec-Ops. 8/10
Alien Isolation is incredible. A marvel for any fan of the series. I have played this game for 5 hours now. I have jumped countless times. I bought this over The Evil Within because I felt my loyalty to the series would be broken if I didn't get this. And thank god my loyalty ruled. I also hate myself. The alien is %98 unscripted. That 2% is set actions (which are still scary). That 98% is actions which nobody could predict. The Xeno is terrifying and overall amazing. It looks amazing, the attention to detail is brilliant. The Animations are so life-like! And the AI. Don't even get me started on the AI. I have never seen such inteligent AI in a horror game before. The Xenomorph is the most perfect predator in this game. The best time I had in this game was on the first Survivor Mode mission. I was on skype with my friend and he thought it would be funny to watch me get all worked up over a scary game, So I chose Isolation. The first mission, on my way out of the first room I was checking my tracker frantically. Suddenly I hear a beeping, I check my tracker, to the left of me there is the xenomorph charging me so - like us men do - panicked and pulled out my flamethrower so the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ would retreat! I quickly sprinted to the stairs as the Xeno ran way into the vents. I heard more beeping as I hit the first platform on the stairs. I also hear movement in the vents above me. I check my tracker, nothing in all directions. I turn round slowly and there it is. The black body of a Xenomorph rushing me from less than 4m away. I screamed loudly, sharply and for a long time. As at the same time I threw my mouse onto my monitor as I had a little spastic fit. My mate was in hysterics and I was sweating like crazy. I of course starting laughing like some sort of sociopath and pulled my mic back as i watched myself get spliced through the head on my screen. The times I have had in these 4 hours of gameplay were great. Bare in mind, this campaign is long. Really long. I'm making it longer because I suck at horror games but am great at films, so I'm only on mission 4 still. There's that. Overall, this is the scariest game I have played. And I've played lots of scary games as an adrenaline junkie with a taste for fear . I would recommend this to any gamer who loves horror films and/or games. Even if they hadn't seen the original Alien film.10/10 - An Absolute for everyone's gaming library!
Better than CoD. Mind you, these days what isn-'t? But still, in the short time I-'ve played this I know this is one of the golden age shooters like Quake or Unreal. Two of my favourite games from the golden age of gaming (as such with wolfenstein: because who doesn-'t like killing a mechatronic Nazi boss?) and this is definitely added to that list! This is one of the few games as to why I should have gotten a PC when I was younger instead of only recently getting into it. Sure, I played games like this with my mates on their PC (which is where i played Quake and Unreal) but I would have loved to play this every day when I younger. You don-'t just -Run in guns a blazin-'- or any of that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. You do that and -It-'s game over, man! Game over!- Enter with a plan, go slow, and attack.Oh, and a heads up for the marine campaign: If you have a weak heart then don-'t play it. I don-'t have one at all, I jumped more than in most modern - crappy - horrors. This campaign is terrorfiying and suspensful. Stay on your toes, soldier, and watch your tracker!11/10 - Would reccomend to all friends and strangers on the street! Even those that aren-'t gamers, or don-'t even have a PC!
All I needed to do to know this game is amazing is launch it. Just the menu alone is epic. Just as good as Broforce, but not as long :( But what do you expect, this is like a demo in my opinion but just amazing!100/10
Majority of people put how the bloke that made this was 17 and is in fact made by only one person. But that doesn't make it good. I had fun for a while (3 hours, the .5 was my mate) and then it just got dull and repetitive. Scevenge for supplies, food, water. Sure, it's got a fairly untouched design to it (still reminds me of roblox but without Lego textures) but I'm still not too impressed. I guess this game just isnt for me5/10
This game is another reason why the Hitman Series defines the stealth genre. This and Blood Money may well be the two best stealth games I have ever played, in the list with Manhunt 2 and Splinter Cell: Conviction. The mechanics displayed in this game are marvellous and the graphics are exceptionally beautiful, the immersion from the voice acting and graphics is at it's upmost peak when you're escaping a heavily armed chopper on Chicago rooftops or exploring the vast area of Dexter Industries. I have never been so amazed by such a game, and hopefully this will be a benchmark for an expansive list of games, in the stealth genre, to come. 10/10 - Would reccomend to every friend!
In the 2-odd-hours I've had this game, I have been a bike getting chased by a raging 12 year old with an SMG, I've used my physics gun to play TITANFALL Volleyball, and I have been scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ from hormonal teenagers with zombie skins in Zombie Survival. If this isn't enough to make you buy this game for yourself and every friend you've ever known, then obviously you're no gamer at all.
