Mayhem. What's not to love.
This game is great i had back in the good old days and i can tell you that current version of this game is better then the old one (with the exception of zombies). So if your looking at this page, that probably means you haven't bought the game. So man up and join the legions of knights and build, smash, explode, drill, slaughter, and bomb jump to victory.
The Elder Scrolls series was something I had never heard of but one day a friend I hadn’t seen for a long time came down from up north and brought Skyrim for the ps3. When I saw Skyrim I thought “This will be a great game cough cough”. So we plug it in and gave it a whirl and I watched for about an hour.  After that it was my turn. I instantly fell in love with the game and after quite a while the terrain in the ps3 started flashing blue and then about one minute later the ps3 shut down from overheating. After 2 days he left and I convinced josh into buying it. After a while the ps3 broke and that was the end of that. But then I got it on computer and the story continued and this time with mods. All in all a wonderful game filled with mystery and adventure. A unique leveling system and many quests, the wide range of weapons will keep you striving for a higher dps. The hunt to kill dragons in order to become a more powerful warrior is thrilling and fun. The dlcs will give you even more content and lore.  The open world is also great because as you cross the vast plains or mountains areas of Skyrim you come across little areas that have been put there out of thought.  In the latest update they added  legendary difficulty which has made the game even better, making it feel like they need a dragonborn to protect them. This is an absolute terrific game and once you play it you’re going to come back. Defiantly a ten out of ten from me.
There are many words to describe this game. A crack team of scientist have done many long months of research and after long mathematical equations they have fianly come down to the word that describe this game the best. Epic.
Great game
