This is truly and excellent online free-to-play game. It is brilliant. It is original, engaging, and very impressive. You play as a Tenno, which is basically a space ninja, which uses a warframe as armour, I guess, and there are dozens of warframes you can choose to play. Some are better than others for different things like speed, defence, attack, etc. There are three types of weapons you can use: melee, range, and a secondary. For each of these, you can choose so many different ones.Each weapon and warframe can only be obtained through crafting, which is in real time, like an hour, a day, 3 days, etc, but you can speed it up with money, but I'll talk about the microtransactions later. The parts for each weapon are either boss drops, or mission rewards, and some require special quests to obtain.You can customise loadout with different cards, to offer the warframe and weapons better stats. These cards can also be improved to give the warframe and weapons even better stats. Cards are dropped in missions and by bosses. They are crucial to levelling.There are a lot of missions that can be unlocked. There are some 30 missions on each planet to choose from, which is on a randomly generated map. There are also several different mission types, like survivals, defence, elimination, and many others. Each planet also has a boss, where defeating them will unlock a different planet to go to.You can also create a clan, build a dojo, trade parts with other players, customise your warframes, weapons, and space ship. Oh, you can also have a kubrow, which is a big dog basically, or a drone thing. There are different breeds of kubrow and different drones, and they all have diffrerent qualities.The microtransactions in this game are not bad, the game is free after all. You can spend real money on an in-game currency, which can be used to purchase items to improve the warframe, or to make items building to be built instantly. All items that offer to improve your weapons or warframe that can be purchased with this currency can be gained simply by playing the game, and they're usually not all that difficult or time consuming to get. There are certain things which can only be gained by buying them, but they're only surperficial and do not influence gameplay in any way. Another note about this, you technically don't need to spend your real money to get the in-game currency either. There is an in-game trade system, where you can trade cards, and warframe, and weapon parts, plus several other things, which can be paid for with the currency. So if you have a certain gun part, people will pay the money for it. Similarly the game offers frequent log-in rewards, which can include up to 75% discount on the currency simply for logging into the game.The game can become very repetitive at times. While the game does offer a large amount of mission types and locations to perform these missions, nevertheless you will begin to notice that you're just consistently doing the same thing, which is fine, but you notice it. Also, some warframes and weapons are exceedingly rare to obtain, and so you will be required to farm/grind bosses or the void for these items. This can take a lot of work to get the one item.As much as I like this game, I stopped playing and for the several attemps I have made to start playing again, I simply have been unable to get back into it. I am not entirely sure why, but I would assume it is due to the repetitive nature of the game, and also because the game is frequently updated and new content is added. So by trying to play again after months, I felt somewhat lost with new items and quests.For the time I spent playing this game, I enjoyed it very much, and I know people who have spent thousands of hours playing and call this a perfect game. I think it is at least 9/10.
After wasting my life playing this game for several days worth, I still have no intention of stopping as this is a fantastic game. Like all games, there are good things and bad things. The bad things in this are occassionally hackers, matchmaking waiting times, slow servers, and bugs that are not game breaking, but annoying, and also the occasional ungrounded hackusation (mostly from people that don't understand the game). The good things far outweigh the bad. The community is very friendly and rarely toxic, maps are detailed and destructable, gunplay is usually tight, the game is tactically inclined, no running and gunning like CoD, rounds are short, gameplay is often completely different each round, etc. etc.It's not a perfect game, but it is very very good. 8.5/10.
The main story in this game is very, very good. It is similar to Fallout: New Vegas in that when you get far enough into it, you are presented with several options to choose which group you want to support. There are 4 to choose from. I THINK. There is a lot to do in the main story and it is just a lot of fun. It does make you think and it offers tough choices at times. The organisation, guild, group, whatever, quests in Fallout 4 are a HUGE let down. They-'re not an improvement over Skyrim. The copy-paste quests are way too common in Fallout 4. The Railroad, the Minutemen, and you also get them with the Brotherhood of Steel. The quests are literally -Do this one, simple thing. Come back. Get paid.- It isn-'t an awe-inspiring quest, it is a chore.-ufeff They-'re not even challenging, just kind of  boring, so you end up not wanting to do them, and people offer them EVERYWHERE!The customisation in the game is very good, sort of. Weapons and armour, including power armour, have a large amount of changes you can make to them. There is also a crafting system for chems. You cannot craft ammunition though, which is just super dumb. You cannot craft weapons either, though I do like that.Power armour in the game is vastly improved over Fallout 3 and NV. It is now an actual suit of armour you need to climb into, instead of it being like some dumb cosplay. You need cores to power them, but ultimately there is not a huge amount of reason to get out of the armour. I like that at times, but I also think it is dumb too.JUNK! There is finally a reason to use it and it is glorious, as there is never enough junk to grab, and you can use it in basically all customisation of weapons and armour. This does turn into the player constantly searching for it though. I guess you can buy it, but that costs caps. Anyway. You-'re searching for this stuff and there-'s often a lot of times where you become over-encumbered so you have to choose between weapons or junk. Junk tends to win out a lot.Companions are a massive pain. They-'re good to talk to, but in combat, they-'re just useless. They-'re often in the way, they don-'t deal much damage, they get in your power armour and don-'t maintain it, and if you play stealthily, they frequently alert the enemy to your presence because they have no understanding of stealth. They-'re also weak. It does not take a lot of damage to cause them to sit down. That-'s right. They can-'t die, they just sit down when they should have died. Their inability to die is good because if they-'re carrying stuff, you don-'t lose it, but bad as it does remove some of the immersion. Enemies, armour, and weapons also level with the player. Ugh. It would be better if there were level locked characters which had these good weapons and armour, but would be too tough for a low level character, but the loot was still in the game from the start, like in Morrowind. Instead, you just have to wait and play the game for better stuff to appear. There are SOME enemies which are set levels, but they special enemies, not enemy types. Like... Ronald is always level 45, but the raider chumps he has are dependent on the player. Ugh.A thing I have noticed, which I loath to death, is that you develop settlements, which is okay, but they-'re not autonomous. If you do not give them their supplies (beds, water, food, defence), they will not produce them themselves. I don-'t have enough time, or interest to nanny 20 settlements and make sure they-'re all cosy and happy. More settlers will arrive at the settlements, but THEY DO NOT DO ANYTHING! THey just sit around.You are also given the opportunity to make the settlements how you want. So you can build houses, place furniture, and generally just make the spaces how you like them. THis is a really good feature, but the buidling can be horrific and frustrating. There are often too little clipping. Some things have this thick, invisible barrier around them, so you can-'t place things exactly where you want them to be at times. It sucks. Generally though, the building mechanic is well implemented, there are just some dumb issues surrounding it.Oh yeah. Melee combat is dumb. Too much power is put into attacks, which don-'t do much damage anway, so seeing that is terribly distracting and ruins the immersion a bit for me. It is a good game, it isn-'t the Elder Scrolls, which I feel I am comparing it to majorly. I do like it though and I have spent too much time over the last few weeks playing. The game draws you in, but it jerks you out with its repetition too.
This game is ver well made, very pretty, and great in theory, but I found myself getting bored and frustrated with it quickly. The main purpose of this online game is to gather provisions, build a base, and defend said base against raids, or you can raid other bases. I have two major problems with it though. 1) the game's servers frequently reset, which can be every week, or more. This results in the base you spent so much time building, which may be days, to be erased. 2) as I mentioned, you can raid bases or be raided by other players. However, you are left vulnerable whilst you are offline. So people can raid your base while you're not there to defend it, and they can steal everything you worked to make, like guns or explosvies. This is really awful as it takes an incredibly long time to research and produce certain items.Some players may find this thrilling or challenging, but I find it frustrating and pushes me away from spending time in the game. Try it if you do so desire, but I do not recommend it.
Git good or go home. Or call hacks. 10/10 would bang again.
This is definitely one of the best games I've played. It's not big on graphics or a plot line, but the free roam atmosphere, managing armies and kingdoms is brilliant. The combat is pretty fun too.
I suck at this game, but it is pretty fun.
Reasonably fun game, but it drags on a bit in the middle and probably the end.
