I imagine there is an audience for this but if you were expecting to get some joy out of this within the first 10-20 minutes (even a minute amount of joy) I'd consider looking elsewhere.
It's fun, but there is so much bullsh*t from the attack system and item drops that you pretty much will kill yourself in the first 4 levels. There are better dungeon crawlers out there although for a turn-based one it does things pretty well. My three major gripes with it are the Hunger System, Attack System and the Item System.Hunger is bull, it's hard enough keeping your health up but having to go out of your way to search a level that may or may not have any food on it is stupid, either remove the system or reduce the frequency of its occurences because the Item System isn't helping either.The Item System is interesting, the fact that with Potions, Armour and Weapons you don't know what will happen until you try it is cool, I really like that feature and find it a bit humourous when I drink a potion not thinking to just throw it first and then self-igniting myself. The issue with this system is that the items are rare and sparce, you may go through an entire level and pick up maybe 2-3 items (excluding Dew Drops and Seeds but they're not that useful). Also I often find that it's only after I reach level 3 usually that I actually have a new Sword and Armour, it's annoying that it's that far down and the enemies can do near identical damage to you which makes it a real pain when you just need a Healing Potion or some better armour but you can't get to it because you keep getting killed before you can find any, because the items are so rare in this game.The last one, and I swear to eveyone's based god, the most crippling one to this game, the attack system. The attack system is absolute crap, you will miss more times than you will hit, while your enemies will hit nearly all the time. I can understand with an enemy like the Wraith, as its a ghost that it's hard to hit but when I start at full health with a Healing Potion and can't hit this guy once before dying, that's too far and the Wraith don't even do that much damage so it was a good 12-20 hits. The other thing is that enemies are almost random with the amount of damage they do, I've fought rats that'll deal 1 and 2 damage and I was thinking that I was going to kill it and then it deals a 5 and I'm dead, seriously, the second level introduces this enemy, I can't remember the name for but looks like a squirrel-sort of and it deals a consecutive 3-4 damage almost all the time where I'm luck to land a 6 on them. It's such a pain getting killed by a single creature and it's so annoying when the only thing it says above the enemy is evaded, evaded, evaded, dodged, dodged, evaded. It's painful to watch something like that happen.So if you want a game that'll kill you within 4 levels with no more than 30 enemies get this game, but if your looking for a genuinly fun and enjoyable Dungeon Crawler where each venture is very different, then keep looking because this game is relentless.
Brilliant Game, very fun and very diverse in game modes. Most servers have co-operative Admins and friendly players.Avoid any servers called: Quarantine Gaming - They are corrupt and will attempt to convince you to donate to them, poor sod, this kid Batman is so guillible, I quote -My parents are horrible they won-'t let me donate money...- seriously? Anyway the Owner Bob Dylan (Avoid this guy) went on to try and convince the kid to ask more and more, of course I think this is apalling so I step in and tell Bob Dylan to back off and explain to Batman the reason why his parents don-'t want him donating his money (keep in mind this kid is around 10 years old so his grasp on reality is pretty dodgy), anyway the QG|Bob Dylan bans me for this.So sorry for my rant, but there isn-'t really a better way to tell everyone, but yeah Gmod is excellent.
Really fun, hope it has more additions later on, shame most servers are empty
