First off, Ignore my hours. I've easily played over 1000 on the PS2 and '360 in my early days of gaminghood.Battlefront II was the sucessor to Battlefront I (Obviously) and is 100x better than EA/Dice's Battlefront. With battles that range from the Clone Wars to the Galactic Civil War, you can fight as General Kenobi on Utupau to Lord Vader cutting up Rebel scum in the Outer Rim on Bespin. This game has so much diversity and a large Modding community. Despite the Multiplayer being cut off, you can still play Multiplayer using something called Game Ranger which allows you to connect to worldwide servers. Battlefront II is recognised in the top 10 Star Wars games of all time by most people, sitting at #2 for me after Republic Commando (MAKE A SEQUEL EA). The Campaign offers a side of Order 66 we never saw and if you read the Republic Commando book series, shows off the Clones' side of the story.All in all, I r8 8/8 m8.
***Now, before I begin, I haven-'t played either of the two DLCs that add a couple extra missions.***Recently, during the Christmas sale I purchased XCOM: Enemy Unknown and proceeded to play the living crap out of that game pretty much making it rule my christmas. A few days later, I saw this game on my -Queue- and decided to go ahead and buy it.The Bureau: XCOM Declassified not only has a hard name to spell, but is also a great game for a prequel to Enemy Unknown and the general XCOM franchise. For the casual gamer, such as myself, this game provides quick-medium length missions which are generally 20-40 minutes, meaning I dont get stuck for hours in game like I do for say Civilizations V or Counter Strike: Global Offensive. If you-'re looking for a casual game that includes a very well-made squad command system that-'s not Star Wars: Republic Commando (Seriously, check it out, its amazing) and you don-'t mind the Third Person perspective, then this game is for you.BE WARNED! This game is not an -XCOM- game, quite far from it. It-'s a well made and fairly challenging prequel to EU. I-'ve been playing on Normal, but from what I-'ve gathered via others, Veteran mode is a fairly difficult challenge! Originally you will have some FPS issues if you-'ve got a toaster like myself. Set a couple of the Graphics settings to medium or low and you-'ll be hitting 60+fps in no time! Some of the early levels during this game are -retrieve this- or -save him- etc. But the mid to late stages of this game make it well worth it. The combat is relatively annoying at first, especially when you face the *******. Spoilers. Sorry. <3. For strategies/tactics I-'ve mainly relied on the Scout/Commando classes, due to their abilities being useful no matter where they are on the map. PROS:- Nicely Paced game that doesn-'t stray too far from what we know and love about XCOM- Agent Carter-'s Hat is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. If it gets knocked off, you can even hit -e-' on it to pick it back up. Amazing.- Fits in well with the Enemy Unknown Timeline IN CERTAIN PLACES. I-'ll come back to this later.- Nice Combat Mechanics and the Alien AI really knows what their doing- Set in the 60-'s, how many alien games are set during the Cold War/Vietnam War Era??- Squads can be trained up to reach high levels and you can collect alien equipment to arm them!- The Hat.CONS:- Storyline for me so far can be a bit clunky- Some fragments of the storyline dont fit with Enemy Unknown- Total Campaign is estimated at probably 10hrs of gameplay for a casual gamer, but this comes to personal preferance- Squad Commands are a bit hard to get used to- Can-'t keep Agent Carters hat on for the whole game :(Storyline Issues: ***SLIGHT SPOLER WARNING***While I do recognize that the XCOM Saga hasn-'t been known for its whole Lore shizzle whizzle, some things don-'t add up. During the events of XCOM Enemy Unknown, it is stated by Dr Vahlen that they have never seen these aliens before. Hang on a sec, this is set in the 60-'s while EU was in 2015? I realise that Firaxis/2k may not have anticipated that this game would overide their original script for EU. During Enemy Unknown, we must also research Plasma and Laser technology however, I can bring home weaponry that includes both laser and plasma based weaponry to conduct research. Overall, this game started out fairly well with me, but after a while it came out brilliantly. The story revolving around the main character is a bit clunky and doesnt make sense with EU and EW, however I-'d reccomend this game to the Casual/Competitive/Diehard XCOM Gamer who wants a 3rd Person Tactical Game that has the backing of a major developer such as 2k.Overall Rating: 7/10Thank you for reading this if you stayed this far! I-'ve been considering starting a curator page/YT Channel so let me know what you think!P.S: Muton Elites will literally destroy you unless you spam the living ♥♥♥♥ out of it.
