In short:  This is a very closed world JRPG style game which features a cast of cutesy girls who  beat up monsters minding their own business to harvest XP  save their world? It’s very reference heavy and joke heavy in a large part thanks to Meme Overlord Nep. You’ll feel like a massive weeaboo and lose respect of friends and/or family but at least you’ll have fun doing it. Pick up the game if it’s on sale, it’s worth it even if to just try the style and the franchise. I will say though I have started mk2 and its combat is the same and fairly repetitive.  So where do I start with the Neptunia? It's an amusing game, that's for sure and to sum it up it's more or less references to other games the game. For starters place names are named after consoles or based off places in other games. Monsters exist that look like the enemies in space invaders or like Kyubey from the Madoka Magica anime. Items have names from the final fantasy games. Throughout dialogue there are vague references (vague for copyright reasons I would assume) to consoles, people involved with games, websites, anime, manga and I doubt anyone would pick up on all of them, it's actually pretty good. I've been told that the later games actually get a more references, memes and typical game tropes thrown into them and that is amazing.  Positives   Interesting and likely to get a giggle now and again.  Cute and quirky “animu grills” doing “cute things” If that’s your style and you’re down for that.  Did I mention the insane amount of references and jokes the game makes relating all sorts of “geeky” things?   I feel like the word Nep could be used like the word Smurf was and that relacing any verb with the word Nep will make it an innuendo. (Just me? Okay.)   English dub is actually very, very good.  Nep-Nep sings the Final Fantasy victory fanfare on levelling up sometimes and it’s amusing.  Nep is bit of goof ball  and MEME OVERLORD  making for a funny experience.   Good sense of humour.   Negatives    It is a huge grind from start to finish it feels. After the first half of the game you really get tired of the grinding and need up put it down.  There are ways to speed up the grind to your desired speed however, I won’t mention it here; I’ll leave that up to you to look into.   Cringe factor is a thing. Rarely something gets said and you just go “ohhf yeah, no”  Holy ♥♥♥♥ do I feel like a massive weeaboo playing this game sometimes.  Your friends will deffinantly think you’re a massive weeaboo for owning it.    It’s difficult at times unless you have the DLC. In which case sadistic Plutia will wreck everyone.   Loss of all self-respect   (see top for short/ final conclusion)
Dreamfall chapters book 5, now with 70% more Darth Vader and use of the force ™ THIS IS THE   REVIEW POST BOOK 5 COMPLETION.   I’LL MAKE THE FIRST PART AS SPOILER FREE AS POSSIBLE THEN LATER ON MENTION SPECIFICS WHICH MIGHT BE SPOILERS. I have waited…. SO long for this book, to finally play it has been great and really happy to finally get an ending to the story. So, storyline. The story line is mostly great, to summarise it you have two worlds one of magic, one of science and both can be affected by each other and I won’t mention exactly how because you know, spoilers but yeah it’s interesting. I really loved the fact you have 2 worlds and one semi world/ in-between world? Anyway these three worlds you play in and eventually they begin to merge then finally they all meet at one point. Look, as of writing this it’s on sale for about US$10.20 which, if you’re paying in Australian dollarydoos or Canadian Maple Money/ Monopoly money is a bit more than that but at that it’s worth it to play the story.  Things I really liked    I loved the fact you could examine just about anything(Because I’m a nosey ♥♥♥♥ I suppose) and get a character’s thoughts and at times humorous dialogue or little bits. For example, examine a rocket and get character dialogue of “Ground control to Major Tom!” Nice touch. Makes more sense given the rough era the area is based on.  I like the fact choices do seem to matter, think of it like a stat check. A string of choices could have an affect later and a couple times I found myself thinking “♥♥♥♥, I made a bad decision last book. Bad things are going to happen” That or regret a decision after it was made.  The scenes are pretty beautiful. Especially europolis, it’s always dark and rainy. Your apartment is small but still very beautiful and I just love that city and contrasting medieval style city. Very nice.  The characters are great. I especially like Zoe, Enu, Mira, Crow and ♥♥♥♥ Bot. Specifically Enu, she is so ditsy and cute and awkward.   Miner dislikes/ gripes  It could be a little slow sometimes to go from place to place just to do something seemingly simple.  It would have been nice to see more of some characters to really get more of a feel for the world and be more engrossed within it.   Now, I’d just like to chuck on some quotes form the game I found particularly amusing before the small spoiler section down below later.   “I need to be in that body. And I need to stop sounding like a pervert.”  “Affirmative. I will stop doing this thing that I live that makes me happy and fulfilled to follow you on our pointless, depressing journey. “ “Requests for sexual favours will be bogged and reported to the appropriate authorities. WATIcorp adbots do not ‘talk dirty’ or perform fellatio.”  “Every step you take’ I’ll be watching you, as mandated by martial law.” ….. “How about every breath I oh I give up”  MOVING SLIGHTLY INTO SPOILER TEROTORY NOW FOR BOOK 5 AND POTENTIALLY PRECIDING BOOKS Things I really liked (cont)     symbolism maybe?  I’m not up with Buddhism or things within it but in book 5 Zoe comments on the “between world” place being like a Buddhist temple. Might be some form of a reference to something from Buddhist beliefs but not sure.  The choices I made meant that in the story line I made good with people. And I’m so glad I did, just a few different decisions and maybe that wouldn’t be the case.  
Note: You should play fault milestone one as this is a direct sequel. TL;DR:  If you’ve played the first game then this is an amazing continuation to that. The characters see more development and are put into a situation where they see a different frame of view. This felt better paced to the first one and you get more of the journey with party, there are no choices but that’s to be expected. It’s a story being told.  It’s not all that common for a game to leave me with a lasting feeling for it. A lasting impression almost like being heartbroken due to the impression it left and the feelings it left me with. Fault milestone one didn’t do this to me as much although it was a great game, just a little prolonged for my tastes but I love the story. There are no options in this, it’s a story so expect reading.IF YOU HAVEN’T PLAYED ONE THEN PROBABLY SHOULDN’T READ PAST HERE BECAUSE SPOILERS. So two starts where one left off being confronted by one of the badies from the start of the first game and from that point the story continues. The story of two follows the journey of Ritona, Rune and Selphine as they continue their travels. In terms of the story, it’s great and I love it. The characters get some more development and are places outside of everything they are used to and put them into a different frame of mind. Rune, from the world of science (and steampunk?) gets to see the magic world. Unfortunately we don’t get to see a lot of Ritona this chapter and I would really like to know her story but no matter. Most of the interaction in this story is between Rune, Selphine (while in Empress Syndrome you see at the end of the first game) and characters they met in their journey. As far as the art and story goes it’s great, the sound fits the game although I turned it down a fair bit otherwise it’s just too loud for me. The art is amazing as it was and I really like the CG events in this game a lot. Personal feelings on this are I just love the story, the pacing was better than it was in the last game and the story was something that if I had the time I could just sit down and play through in one sitting. This really left a heavy feeling in my heart and left a lasting impression emotionally. I love the concepts shown in this world and also the stark difference between the inner and outer poles. I can’t wait for the third game. 
 TL:DR:   overall this is a fun MMO that you can sink your life and time into hence I did almost failing a semester of university. A game of fantasy, magic, an absolutely beautiful world  and guys playing as small girls.  Create your perfect hero or heroine and go off and ♥♥♥♥ as much ♥♥♥♥ up as you can while helping children and the elderly to gather plants. You’ll lose your free time  and any remaining dignity  but it’ll be a fun time. This game is worth a play especially if like me you’re waiting for Black Desert to be fully released.  This… Game…. Almost failed a semester of University because I got addicted to it during the week of study before final exams.  10/10 worth it.  This game is amazing amounts of fun and it’s free. It’s really solid for a free game and I like a lot of others must ended up buying something from the store. I have 4 characters and 3 of them at the level cap, I just got so addicted to playing this game.  Positives:    This game is free. Holy crap. I would encourage anyone to at least try it for that.  Despite constantly high ping the game played just fine for me.  Pretty much everything you can buy with real money can be bought with in game gold too so if you can afford to buy stuff in game you don’t have to spend any IRL money.  I was able to create a guild called Westside Weeaboos and that’s the best thing ever.  want to be a cute elf girl?  I know I sure do. Heh.  Then this is it, create and customise your perfect doppelganger That looks nothing like the real you lol nerd   People are reasonably helpful and nice at least of PvE servers I played on. Sometimes you get some salty people when you party for end game dungeons though.   Negatives:    No servers outside of Europe and North America. I believe there used to be an Oceania server at one point but not anymore. Despite that though the game generally played very well.  A lot of busy work so things like fetch quests and kill this type quests. Which is something most MMO’s suffer from.   I don’t know if I like this or not but skill specialisations exist where you can only specialise in one thing at a time meaning you need to rely on guilds, market or friends to craft items to use in your specialisation.  Some launcher issues with the game.  (TL;DR/ Conclusion at the top)
Do you remember playing that game Karoshi suicide salaryman? That flash game you went to and played back in 2006 or 2007 when you were bored at work/school/procrastinating hard? Well this is that just in a diffrent style. Aime of the game is to kill yourself in each level. Now, the game has some minor flaws like awkward controls and repetitive levels but do you want that 'I played this 10 years ago as a flash game' nostalgia? This here go waste some time and I picked it up for 9 cents during a sale with crap I got dropped in CS:GO anyway. 9 cents? Why not just get this piece of the past.
I will start by saying that CS:GO is a good game that can be a lot of fun. The casual modes allow players to play a variety of game modes in a non-competitive way. So, why the negative review? The ranking system has severe problems and the community can be toxic at times. So the problems:    Smurfs  – not a lot of fun to play with. Higher skilled players getting kicks from kicking the ♥♥♥♥ out of lower levelled players.   De-rankers and trolls  – can be Smurfs trying to drop pack again through ranks or someone getting kicks from being annoying. Can’t votekick if 2/5 players on your team are doing it.   Hackers  – I don’t come across these as regularly as some do but still very annoying.   Bad community  – if you have a 5 person team you might be okay. Playing solo it feels like a gamble; sometimes you get friendly people in teams and other times abusive people.  Plenty of 12 year olds have had sex with family so they claim. Also, never heard the words ♥♥♥♥, ♥♥♥♥, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and etc. used more than in this game. So why do I have so much play time? The game itself is good to play and when you win it really is satisfying. The issue is mostly some people who ruin it for others. However, it can be fun and casual is always an option if competitive becomes too much. 
TL:DR:  This is the port of the game from console to PC. Can’t speak for the keyboard controls as I use a controller but in terms of the game itself the time concept and the open world nature FINALLY back to an extent is very refreshing to see again. The game play is fun and the story is not as deep as other games but still a good game, just a shame it didn’t get much development. Really love lightning as a character but the whole emotionless all the time though got annoying but well play the game and see what happens. If you haven’t played it then may be worth playing if you want an end to the XIII story and played the other two but overall I didn’t mind it. Just I’ve played it on PS3 already when it was out. Only got the steam one because it was pretty cheap on sale. Positives:   The successor to XIII and XIII-2 and how the other two games should have been.  Finally open world again allowing for doing things pretty much however you want with the exception of time based events.  The time concept was an interesting one. And for those who find it annoying just keep using Chronostasis. When I played it on PS3 I stopped for awhile and totally forgot about that ability and ran out of time. But using that ability you pretty much never will run out of time.  Lighting dress up simulator.  Negatives:   Found myself doing a lot of grinding for items or quests. But that’s what I expected having played the PS3 version upon release.  The depth of the story was a little bit disappointing. I was hoping for a super expansive story and universe after XIII was a little bit of a flop. XIII-2 improved a little but while LR was good, it wasn’t the bound I was hoping for.  occasional cringy dialogue.  Time sink. Loss of productivity for awhile …  Loss of self-respect.  Take your pick.CONCLUSION IS THE TL;DR
Great game. Is well worth the play if you are into visual novey styled games. Game is based around the concept of managing other worlds but won't give too much away there. The art style is just beautiful and the story is great. Can't wait for episode 2 of the game now.(UPDATE: as of early 2015 the project was officially canceld by Dischan. There will be no more content despite the kickstarter exceeding its funding goal. Very sad, the story looked to have great potential.)
 TL;DR:   Fun little builder where playing with friends/ online can be summed up with “You hit my ♥♥♥♥ing space station you massive ♥♥♥♥” and gathering resources is often more of a battle than you’d expect. Often fun to build stupid structures or just mess around with other people you play with. Picked it up for just over 20 Australian rupees on sale and was totally worth it. This is a great build and gather type game, think of it like 3D Terraria in space. You can play in a sandbox where you can build structures to your hearts content or in a survival type mode where you must gather resources in order to build things. The game is pretty fun with other people and the community support means you can get blue prints and mods that can be added without messing around with a third party mod manager. There have been a few bugs along the way but the developers are pretty good with fixing those as they know about them (The game is early access, after all). The base maps are pretty solid too. I’ve played mostly on the earth one and so far I have managed to get to mars, the moon and an alien planet as I believe these were all there was when I was playing. In short, if you can spare USD 25 (Or, if like me you’re Australian the USD-AUD is pretty crappy right now so that’s 35 dollarydoos) then this is a great little game solo and even more fun with others.
 It's just like Unturned, except garbage  I'll just say it, I question if this was even worth the 2 cents paid. Unturned is free and this game rips off EVERY element of Unturned and another game assets, design, game style and all. Hell even the icon they decide to use for the game is very much alike. Why was clearly identical content allowed onto the store? Who even approved this. If you happen to get it for 2 cents then leave it idle and sell the trading cards for a profit. There is the only reason to buy it if you can be bothered. Just go download Unturned. Don't even waste your time with this rip off of stolen IP. [/spolier]
