It has french people in it. 69/420
Its not as good without the Hentai Patch.
No Bread.
Guns of Icarus Online is a First Person Western Shooter that is horrible in every way possible. This game is obviously a failure of a Call of Duty clone. The level up system seems to use unrealistic millitary ranks. I mean, what the ♥♥♥♥ is a -Powder Monkey?- You also lack the ability to prestige making replayability nil. The weapons.... Oh dear. You don-'t even get to hold the guns. They are mounted onto your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ vehicle and the aiming is horrible. Most guns don-'t even have ♥♥♥♥ing iron sights. And here it comes.... the worst part... the ♥♥♥♥ing sniper rifle. You heard me, sniper rifle. There is only one of those in the game and the idiots that made the game called it the -Mercury Field Gun- thinking it sounds cool or some ♥♥♥♥. Well it doesn-'t you filthy hipsters, just admit its mean-'t to be called the L96A1 Bolt Action Rifle. Oh yeah, I forgot. ITS NOT EVEN BOLT ACTION AND IT ONLY HAS 2 BULLETS. YOU ALSO LACK THE ABILITY TO DO 360 NO SCOPES. WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ DEVS LEARN HOW TO MAKE AN ACTUAL GAME!!!Overall I give Guns of -I-♥♥♥♥ed-your-mother-hard-last-night-carus- a 420/69 - IGN.
9/11 not enough terrorism - ign
i am destroyed.♥♥♥♥ you brad.
My Impressions after playing for 1 Hour so far:+ Great Artwork+ Story is really well told and will keep you engaged+ Great Soundtrack= Music sometimes loops weirdly (Halfway through a song and will loop back to beginning don't know if its a bug or just me)- A few minor typos in the story- Quite a few CG's are just left Black- As far as Im concerned there are no choicesThis game is certainly worth buying for the story and art but just a reminder that this is episode 1 in a series. If there are going to be more episodes of this game it is reccommended that you only buy this on sale.
I caught this on sale for $3 and err.... im stuck with it... Well atleast it has fox people in it. Right??(On a side note, the story and soundtrack is absolutely horrible)
Its like a Michael Bay film. Horrible actors + Loads of explosions. 11/10.
