At first i thought this game was gonna be good. I was wrong.Its amazing! You get to play as a bat that is mutated by something to make him human! When you start getting powers you meet people that can help you kill other people that are trying to make Arkham City worser. Its also gooder than Origins and Arkham Asylum because I cant get passed the first level after the intro. Play this game and you will make your fingers happy.
It is a game where u get to build and create a level and character u get to shoot people and its so good that  Heavy is in the front cover
Its like the story oh Halo
BG! Last time I played I got matched up with trolling noobs who couldnt even troll good to make me laugh one bit. One guy was feeding and the other guy raged and dc'd I had a really bad game. The trolls were building wrong with support items like filling there whole slots with wards! Thens when i swore to never play this game again because after that I had a full lose page. Please nerf the match making system and maybe I can one day re-review this game and have a positive mind to it. BAD GAME!
This game is like CoD Its so addicting! Not slow paced like Battlefield...
The best way to describe this title is umm. ahh yes its very much a game.
Wow man. This game is about a guy who gets sent to a digital world and he has allot of power over control! He can do anything in his world and play with others too! Btw if you have tripophobia dont play this game because it has allot of tadpole holes.And allot of holes behind a toads back!
OMB this game is so good! Its just league of legends with a more realistic art style and more advance everything! Only play it if your challenger league because thats the skill level viable to get at least a 60% win rate in this game! Btw this game has to be rated R+ because the hero's in this game dont wear clothes and it is very gorry because everytime someone dies the announcer sounds very dark themed and heads pop off from critical and deadly damage!
I recomend this!
It's a game where you create, destroy and kill. You become a zombie in it so play with your belly button undone.
