Love the game, except for the (you have kicked too many people ban) WH IS THIS A THING? Now im too scared to kick people even if they are trolls :(
This is the first Deus Ex game i have ever played and i love it, well, the microtransactions in the game is ♥♥♥♥... I dont have much else to say.. uhh I would've liked a melee element to it.(most of the reviews are saying that it is not as good as the older ones, and I enjoy this game, so if i enjoy this game, what will i think about the older games??)
WARNING! BAD SPELLING! YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!to start off with, if you dont like 2D games, then you sir have no opinion on games. 2D or 3D i love it.Very Good Game! love the story, love the fact that i didnt crash once. 9/10Pros:Story line is very exciting and in depth, didnt once drag on (with the exception of the scanning for objects of course but if you dont have to search for clues then the entier concept of starbound would be ruined, you have to go from planet to planet and that is something that you shouldn-'t avoid)Crew members are nice to have along with you but you should be able to upgrade them, like add a new type of guy called -'arms dealer-' and have him build you guns and then you can mod your crewThis game has a great potential, there could be ship fights, where it goes along the style of FTL where you can repair damage (and then the mechanic can have something else to do) and also fire upon the enemy and teleport onto their ship. there could also be inter dimentional planets where you can build a demention hopper tat can hop in and out of dimentions.adictive as crack (litteraly)Cons:Removed Mech :(They removed my love, mech suits, they were amazing! It would-'ve been really nice to buy the mech off the guy who made the mech suit MK 1 that you had to defeat. The mech in the old game was, underpowered, there should be like rocket launchers and machine guns and a modding station for it, and all this could be powered by some kind of fuel that is hard-ish to make.Recruiting crew members is a pain, needs to be explained a lot more, turns out you have to build a house (or hotel) for people and do missions for them until they go -welp i love this dude, i want to join his ship- you should be able to find people in a sticky life or death situation AND then you can gain his trust and friendship (along with the house building)you cant change your worlds, you have one world per game, you should be able to choose a character and then choose a world, not choose a character and get plopped into 1 universe the entier time.Removed the outpost miniquests :(this game is massive and is hard to review in under 10,000 words, but all in all i strongly reccomend this game to people who like terraria and want si-fi jammed down its throat.
I did a review on this game saying that it was great. and now i have to revoke that review and make a new one. This game is alright, its a game like minecraft and ♥♥♥♥, BUT PRICED AT A TRIPLE A GAME! 60 DOLLARS FOR ♥♥♥♥! this game is ♥♥♥♥ed, in the videos they said ♥♥♥♥ like there will be battles you can take place in, there are no battles ♥♥♥♥ off. the only battles are 3 freighters and pirates and you can kill the pirates or pirates attack you. There is a big list of things wrong, and i say, go watch pyrocynicals video on it. I have learnt a lesson here, DONT LISTEN TO THE TRAILER. I cant refund this ♥♥♥♥ because i spent 15 hours in 1 day. And worst of all, they are making paied dlc-'s for all the ♥♥♥♥ they said would be in the game.♥♥♥♥ this game, and ♥♥♥♥ hello games.Edit: Apparently steam is letting people refund this ♥♥♥♥ game.Gonna return this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t lie and buy Civilization 6, lets hope they dont pull a sean murry.Edit: ♥♥♥♥ they lied... No refund for me, im stuck with this peice of ♥♥♥♥- previous review(Lots of reviews out their are saying things like -repetitive- and they-'re right, it is repetitive, but that is what you get from an exploration survival game, if you dont like Minecraft... Then chances are you wont like this game, but if you liked Minecraft before you turned 12 and the world started shaming you for playing it, then yes this game is for you.2 things when buying a game, 1 read the tags, 2, Read the reviews, if the reviews say its repetitive, and the tags say exploration, then its a ♥♥♥♥ing exploration game.Personally I enjoy playing this game, thats why i spent the entire saturday when the day it came out playing it, its got a nice storyline and goes for everything i love, deep space exploration, Sci-fi, Survival, those are all things that i love but i never saw in the form of a 3D game.)
Scarest Game in YEARS!!!
