One of the best games ever created!Most possibly one of the best games that Valve has made.With complicating puzzles, this game offers a hard challenge as well as a fun experience.I reccomend that you get this game before you get any others
This game is minecraft. without blocks.- It has guns- it only has zombies- it has two maps.- it has a small crafting system.I think that is has a lot of potential, but right now, I'd only get it for your game count
**This review is based on the base game**A great grand strategy game from Paradox.  The first in their 4 strategy series, this game is set in the medieval period, streching from Ireland to India and Iceland to Mali.  The base game ranges from 1066 (norman invasion) - 1453 (fall of constantinople).  In CKII you try to continue dynasty - trying to make it the most prestigous in Europe!  The game is centered around your dynasty and succession.  If your heir is not of your dynasty, it's game over.You start as a count/earl, duke, king or emporer controlling one of the counties, duchies, kingdoms or empires on the map.  Without any DLCs, you can only be a christian ruler and not a merchant rebublic.  You cannot be a theology (pope/bishop).  The game also features baronies, cities and bishoprics but that cannot be your primary title.  As a ruler you manage vassals (rulers below you) and try to please - or overthrow - your leige (ruler above you).  The feudal ranking is as below (above = liege; below = vassal): - Emporer - King - Duke - Baron/Bishop/MayorYou can be a liege to someone below you, but not equal or above you.  Your vassals are only below you - not equal to you.A Catholic (usually) follows the pope, and the pope can orders crusades.  The crusades can be based on real historical crusades (such as many of the ones for Jerusalem) and crusades to rid infidels/heritics.  Any catholic ruler can join a crusade, and the winner of the crusade is defined by how much they contributed to the crusade.  Winning the crusade will sometimes grant the winner all titles (including baronies).Each character has traits.  Your traits affect peoples opinion of you and your diplomacy, martial, stewardship, intriuge and learning level.  Traits will be passed on by the guardian of a child and by events occuring to an adult (16+).  Few traits will be passed on through birth (such as genius) but there is only a small chance.One of the games biggest features is Casus Beli (CB).  A CB is a justificaiton for war - something you need to attack a ruler of your own faith. CBs can range from De Jure claims to Overthrow ruler.  A claim is just that - you or one of your courtiers is related to the ruler of the title you want.  Whether that relation is a blood relation, or through marriage it doesn't matter.  The independence or overthrow ruler CBs are against you liege, and are self explanetory.  Holy wars can be declared on heretics/infidels.  Another type of claim is the de jure claim.De jure is where is the title is traditionally in that duchy/kingdom/empire.  For example, the duchy of cornwall is de jure Wales, but is owned by England.  It takes 100 years for de jure to change, and it will only change if you have the whole duchy.CKII is an excellent strategy game - if you have the patience.  It can be quite frustrating at times, and will boggle your mind with all the confusing succession laws.  This game is a great mix of plotting, pleasing and prisoning, not to mention declaring all of that war.  With over $100 worth of DLC, there is a huge base for expansion and the game also has a big modding community.9/10
