Don't Starve is a game that requires you to plan ahead as you may encounter random threats. It takes a while to complete a single playthrough and provides enjoyment at all stages. I recommend this game to people who enjoy platform and strategy games. Reign of Giants also added may features such as: GIANTS!!! They are massive and roam the whole world. Be careful not to come across one or you may regret it. :)8.5/10
This Game Blew My Mind!!! After a few episodes of watching this game online I learn't that the game has so many different aspects to it than many other games I have previously played. From the way you respond; E.G. to riping someones arm or leg off, it all effects the storyline. That is what this game is about, the Future and the Past. You simply decide on the present. Once I started playing I was addicted. It made me want to complete every ahievement but in reality this is pretty tough. The game itself is easy, there isnt much challenge but it makes you think and act in a different way. Overall, a great game. Thankyou TellTale Games for another crazy storyline and bloody (Mary) great gameplay. 9.5/10
Well, What CAN you say to one of the biggest games on Steam and a great, hilarious, stupid 1st person shooter? Its got gore, guns, and great gameplay. Or at least fun gameplay with your friends on a community or Steam created map with your own classes and loadouts. Evil camping snipers or raging heavys will try to take you out in this hectic shooter. Collect items and create new ones. It's a great game that every Steam player must have or simply he can't have fun. Great Game, lacks updates but the community releases and indes bring new life to the game!8/10
Sid Meier's Civilization V also known as Civ 5 was the first game that brought combat simulation and real world tactics toghether to create a seamless game where you can destory or protect both friends and foes. The DLC Packs: Gods & Kings and Brave New World are overpriced at $25 each however they did provide just enough content to satisfy me. I think because there is such an active community making new mods and maps this game will continue in the future with more DLC being released, Fingers crossed it provides more bang for your buck. Overall great game with awesome simulation and many factors within the gameplay. :) Great Game! 9/10
Fallout New Vegas Is The Amazing Sequel To Fallout 3, I Really Loved Fallout 3 And Fallout New Vegas Brought The Tense Combat And Scavenging Aspect Of The Game Back To Me. I Loved The DLC Such As Gun Runners Arsenal Adding A Massive Amount Of New And Creative Weapons. The Only Downside Was The Story Line Didn't Branch Of Until You Reach The 3rd Or 4th Quest. I Reccomend This Game To Anybodie Who Loves Scavenging/Freeroam Survival Games,7/10
Don't Starve Is A Great Game That Requires You To Plan Ahead As You May Encounter Random Threats. It Takes A While To Complete A single Playthrough And Provides Enjoyment At All Stages. I Reccomend This Game To People Who Enjoy Platform And Strategy Games.8.5/10
