This game is simply stunning. Firstly, the gameplay is fluent when you need it to be, (in epic, drop assassinations and a quick escape) and dramatic and well-paced when it needs to be (when you-'re planning how to slink around Dunwall, or dodging guards like the badass you know you are). While the game focuses a lot on its polished stealth mechanics, violent, overt styles are generally -frowned upon- and the player may feel especially persuaded to put down the ever-so-loud pistol and swap back to the good ol-' fashioned blade and blink the game wants you to use. But in saying this, I wouldn-'t precisely call this a negative.The good thing about Dishonored is that you can play it again and again and try a different style everytime. I-'ve played through it about 4 times now and even then I realize that there is so much more I can be doing. Don-'t like the stealthy style? Want a bit of a challenge? Flip the system the bird and run in, guns blazing and rats swarming. Feeling edgy? Want to be the dark and mysterious character you know you can be? Equip your dark vision and crossbow and slink around like an actual assassin.The plot is predictable, but you-'ll easily see past that when you immerse yourself in the lore rich world of Dunwall. Littered like candy wrappers at a park, you-'ll find all sorts of books, clippings and conversations  that hint and tease at the world of Dunwall. Drunken sailor chants tell you of the dark and violent histories of the City, intelligent scriptures of scholarly standard describe the mysterious Outsider and small talk between the servants of mansions will tell you of the current affairs, generally murder, plague and poverty.And you can-'t leave out the confronting and generally awesome artwork and landscape. Brilliantly crafted, Dishonoured-'s graphics do well at setting a dark and gloomy mood that brings a fantastic view to the Steampunk genre. Tall, crooked buildings, decorated in pipes, cogs and other steampunk personifications make Dunwall so lovable and real. Hound Pits Pub flyers hang like dead bodies from notice boards, weathered walkways are tainted with putrid rats and corpses, homes are only made warm by the people inside as they lack food and security. Overall, buy this game, play it 6-7 times and immerse yourself in the stunning world of Arkane Studio-'s Dishonored.
