Don't really get the hype really. It's a terrible game. 3/10The guards in the mansion were too easy to avoid, the tranquilizer gun does too much damage once you obtain it, I could hear some odd whispering noises behind the wall of the elevator room and everything kinda went nuts after I reached the vault. Lights and rain turning on and off, alarms in the distance blaring. Get it together, game designers.The plot was half-♥♥♥♥♥, the sets were generic and the design and layout of the game was boring. It's like if the designers of the area just up and went on strike or something. Not to mention the completely random lasers and tiger that suddenly show up through the opening levels. Left my character with a limp. Too OP if you ask me.Overall, it was good, but it could have been a whole lot better.
I played this just a few minutes now, and at first i was a bit upset that the game had just one chapter and i'd have to wait for the rest. . that is, until i played the episode.It blew my mind completely. It had references to Borderlands 2, which i for some reason enjoy in games, it had humor, it had The Walking Dead gameplay and elements, this game is awesome. Playing this game is action packed, funny, brilliant and filled to the seams with references. I would recommend this game to anyone who loves references, borderlands and Hyperion™ tech.And remember kids, Hyperion™ weapondry and tech is the number one equipment! Buy your tech today!CalTheLV35AssassinP.S: Please actually buy Hyperion™ stuff. Handsome Jack's blackmailing me. Please help a guy out. .
When having to recommend this game, Cal pressed the first thumbs up button on his left.
I remember the first time i ever saw something TF2 related was some clips of -Meet The Sniper- from a Sonic YTP a few years back. I can-'t exactly say what intrested me about the game, other than the enemse amounts of hats.The game, unlike Call Of Duty, has a lot of creativity to it and a large background lore behind it as well.The gameplay is simple enough, yet still unique with weapons to mix and match to create a great weapon selection.The weapons and hats are also creative, amazing, and sometimes, quite ridiculous. The animated shorts, comics and ARG-'s also create a way to explore the lore world behind the grenades and shotgun shells.This game is a little limited for players who play for free, but for premium players, it-'s a extremely fun game.9/10
This game is fun enough, but it crashes way too often. I know i own a mac and all and i don-'t know if it works better for Windows or not, but i just wish a few more of the -hl_2 is not responding- crash to desktop errors were fixed.Other than that, Gmod is brilliant. Infinite creativity, open worlds, and props from nearly any game you need!
