Alright, this product has just came out, and they did rush the release yes. But, the program is overal a great program, and a huge advancement on VX Ace. There are already loads of resources to fix anything you might find wrong with the game, helpful community to changing anything you're not a fan of on http://www.rpgmakermv.co Yes, some things have not been released yet, but it will be added over time as I stated they had to release the game early (Which you can search up the reason as too why for an explination) I feel that the program serves it's purpose, and has great potential to become the best RM ware there is.
By far one of the best programs on steam. The staff itself are amazingly wounderful, and extremely helpful. They strive to please the customer over themselves which is something you can't say about most companies. If you are even debating on getting it, just save yourself the trouble of debate and buy it. It is only $15 afterall :D 10/10
This game is the first on http://www.gamehandout.com to receive a perfect score. Such an amazing game, especially for being labeled under the indie title. A must have for anyone who loves realism, and any FPS fan. I'm not a FPS fan myself, but this game has drawn me in like no other. With 22 hours of gameplay in a matter of a week, it is one of the most fun game I've played!
An amazing Super Smash Bro's type of gameplay where you beat the crap out of your friends for no reason what so ever. 10/10 would ruin friendship again.http://www.gamehandout.com is giving out some codes for the game as well
This game adds a lot of new, and creative content to Survival Sandbox games that most do not offer. The game is extremely well made with no game changing glitches that I've noticed which is something everyone should be excited for in an alpha game. I've been playing this off and on in my spear time (As much as the army allows) and it's one of the few games I've been playing recently.The graphics for an alpha game are outstanding, as well as the content involved in the game. Trees actually fall, and callapse onto the ground, leaves and sticks occasionally fall from trees, and you can destroy just about anything to gather contents to build for your game. If you want a detailed Survival Sandbox game this is the one for you.Game content goes there are some flaws in this current build. Sticks, rocks, and animals have a set spawn. When you leave the area and come back, they re-spawn in the same exact location. This means if you are near an area with a lot of sticks pre-on the ground then you will be overly set for sticks, same goes for rocks and animals. This kills the challenge of the game if you get an area like that, though I can only assume this is a small bug and will be fixed.The amazing things relating to the game content is outstanding. You can find sharpened sticks and use them to spear fish in lakes, kill any animal you see, as well as skin and gather the meat from some. Though I'm still shocked that you cannot harvest the hide or meat from deer, as that's what a LOT of people tend to eat. There are wild berries you can eat, every bush, small tree, large tree, ect. in the game can be chopped down to give you leaves, sticks, or logs to build.Overall, the game is an amazing purchase, and something I Highly recommend. If you want a more indepth review check out the review I have on GameHandout.com
I've had cobalt since mojang first mentioned it. It has came a long way since then keeping everything that made the game great. It's something I'd love to play more often, however, it's definately a social game in my opinion. Not having any friends who have this game makes playing it quite hard unfortinately. It may say I have a small amount of time played, but that's because I just got the code for steam. I've had it downloaded for years now, and it has seased to amaze me!
