Great game, a very calming background song while you make your way through varying difficulty puzzles. the puzzles are well thought out and have great design. personally found it better then portal, much preferred the puzzles in this because they were less confusing then the portal ones, yet just as challengingI reccomend this to anyone who enjoys a nice puzzle.
This game is amazing, simply the best thing i have played for months.Pros: 1. great gameplay(dungeons are fun with plenty of crafting building and exploration to be had)2. Raids are the greatest thing ever3. good community4.shadow dungeons are reallly rewarding and even though a lot of people  complain about the long grind to get into one i think it makes the dungeon that much more fun and important.5. not a single pay to win feature, there is ingame cash but only used on small unimportant things6. there is nothing better in this universe then se... i mean finding your first resplendant piece of gear which is truly amazing7. playing with friends doubles the fun.8. ringcrafting is grindy but rewardingCons:1. not many abilities, there are a lot of classes but each one has like 2/3 abilities2. a bit laggy for anyone in oceana3. despite the good player base, chat is completely filled with people asking to join a club because trove made it a quest to do that, so everyone is asking around trying to find a club to join so they can move on with the game.4. does get a bit grindy after lvl 10 and the chance of finding better loot then what you have becomes a lot slower then levelling wich is already a drag, this basically means once you get to around uber 1/2 you will be stuck there for ages not finding anything better then what you haveOverveiw:there are a lot more pros to list but i want to go play trove now so cant be bothered writing it, this game is easily the most fun ive had in months.
downloaded game, played game for a bit, never played it again10/10 would never play again
Planetside 2 is a fairly decent game and has a lot of great concepts... but. its just really pay to win, all the players who pay money for extra credits and such just feel so much more powerful, as a group a bunch of free players might actually get some stuff done but when I play alone and theres not to many people around I just get absolutely smashed by op people in various vehicles with all the latest gadgets and such. It makes it feel like in order to enjoy a game the devs are forcing me to pay real money, a few people say its possible to get everything it just takes a while, it's kind of like saying play all day everyday just so you can actually play the game. this isn't right and feels like the devs are trying to exploit players by giving paying members way more then a free player can imagine.
69696969/69 best game not a waste of time would play again everydaylife was not complete without this game
10/10 would bust a cap in aliens again
Add it to the list of games that had such amazing potential but ended up becoming the game form of EB games. expensive, trash, constant NEW UPDATE HUGE REVAMP SALE SALE SALE
