Now safe for wallets.
Guns 2: The second Duel for the entirety that i had played feels like Guns: The Duel, but with more regulation.  As a Shield Trooper i didnt feel clunky, at moments i actaully was able to get around faster than the other two female classes (Silent Avengers are a remnant of the original guns).  The game played as Armored Core would if they mixed it with TF2 and Warframe.  The PVE is well made in a Arcadey' beat em' up fashion, as you kill enemies they drop health and ammo, till you progress to the next room, level, etc.  Shield Troopers even with the shield still fell short to the enemies massive count though even with 3 other partners, so its not the easiest game to win.  The cash shop is pretty standard and all the guns have little to no difference in base dps.  Oh and dont pick shield trooper, because if you do, youll have to pay in-game currency for the other characters.  A solid 81/100.
Great game that managed to catch my attention for hours, if not many more to come.  Major changes with the formula.- Movement is much more fluent with perks that allow shooting while sprinting and vaulting etc.- Jetpacks and rocket launchers remind me of tribes.- Most firearms feel unique, some just feel like standard COD fodder (the -everygun- assault rifle that looks like a m16)- Characters with special abilities.  Biggest change, and I love it.- Melee has been improved, removing the one hit kill knife and replacing it with a striking attack unique to your firearm.- Maps...well, I dont know.  They are made well and blend with the new free-running aspects.  Still not as good as Blops1.- Graphics, does this even matter really so long as i get 60fps.- Content is not lacking at all.  They brought back hardcore FFA.  And for that i am eternally greatful.Better than BLOPS2, worse than BLOPS.Better than W@W, worse than MW.Better than every other COD not mentioned.Better than Titanfall and its lack of weighty weaponry.
Better combat than Arma 2.  Now are the guns better?  Yeh, attachments make them better.  Do they handle better?  Well, I'd argue that the damage system and how bullets flyed was better in ARMA 2, and that people move too fast when jogging in arma 3.  But then again, people still play Battle Royal and KOTH in ARMA 3 so yeah, ARMA 3 is better.
Great game with loads of replayability.  It plays much like doom, but an expansive inventory and crafting system (its an indie title so it requires a crafting system.)  Enemies are always hiding in the best places and jump out at the worst times.  The Pixelation, and visibility system plays to its advantage as the game has a eerie, survival-esque atmosphere, where common games, with there dark, very very dark graphics and lack of light.  As this game has a cone of view system.  Overall, if you like mazes, top down shooters, survival, and inventory management, play this.  Oh and you'll die.
Well, once you get your first blueprint the game really open up.  I mean first purchased bliueprint BTW.  until then you're left in the dark about simple crafting, and modding.  After killing Vor, the game picks up in speed and co-op not fun when you play on the usual farming maps.
