If you're going to play this get the Zandronum client. You'll get Doom seeker for multiplayer and great mod support.
As much as I love this game, don't buy this until they fix the inventory problems. As of right now for a lot of people, when loading your game you lose almost everything on your inventory and when you pick up certain items in game they will not appear in your inventory. This problem just breaks the game for me, however besides that problem I would fully recommend it.
Really Really good Co-Op RPG Shooter, did a lot of things right. However the populations is non existent today and sadly this is now probably one just for the history books.RIP
If you want a game with a story you’ll remember for all the right reasons get this game. The gameplay itself is average but it's more than enough to keep you playing, this is one of the few if not the only modern military shooter that goes beyond kill the bad guys and save the day. It challenges your view on the subjects it presents exposing the grey areas of war and conflict so many would rather over look leaving you at the end of the whole experience questioning your morals and what you think is really right and wrong, or if even such definitive labels exists.A must play.
I recommend this game.
First of all this is a very good game but it's definitely in beta. The AI sometimes doesn't like exploring the map and capturing points or attacking you unitll you attack them at their base. The path finding has units getting stuck, there is cover where there shouldn't be (curbs on the side of roads) and none where there should be (only 3 cover points around a van and none on power box's or waste high fences most of the time). Maps also need more versions or need to be more dynamic for larger FFA matches (3+ players).This game has a lot of potential and I highly recommend giving it a go if you have the friends for a match, (Some bugs I've encountered playing and improvements I'd like to see include)Bugs or general things which need fixing-Invalid target message when selecting units to attack a building-AI only capturing a few points in the start of the match and then just camping their own base-Path finding-Seriously need to check cover points on maps Personal points-Changing the Rebel’s captured point notification sound (possible getting some voice acting talent)-Allowed the player to assign units to a group using numbers 1-0 on the key board-C4 is TNT, change name or change image and model-Adding vehicles like the combine armoured car with a rocket ability and a Rebel jeep with an auto turret on top-Making transport vehicles-turret wall buildings for combine do not shoot enemy buildings-Make units be able to shoot while moving but be less accurate-Different click animation when selecting you units to attack the enemies.
