The Shire Strikes BackIn the year 420AD, the hobbits from Bag End started a war to take over Middle Earth. The leader Corey English Baggins, the shorted leader of them all, he declared war on the Ewoks for the battle of Middle Earth. There I was, in the trenches of the Shire, me, myself, and my rifle sat there as we saw our fellow tiny comrades get gunned down by the MLG Ewoks. As I sat there and looked at my AK, I looked at my magazine, which was almost empty, I decided to take my last breath as I climbed up the trench towards the enemy. Before my eyes, an army of Ewoks were lurking toward my position so I decided to turn on my MLG sniping skills, I gunned the first squadron of Ewoks. As I look down my iron sights to shoot the next enemy approaching me, I got capped by an enemy parachuting from a bi-plane.I was on the ground bleeding out, thinking of my last memories of my loved ones. It was my time to go. Then appeared a great white bearded figure falling at the speed of light. He pulled two AK’s out of his cloak, and impaled the ground, leaving a crater so big that the enemy was almost wiped out completely. I couldn’t believe my eyes, it was our lord and savior, our profit, Gandalf the White. Gandalf swung his weapons of mass destruction and nut-shot every one of those little furry buggers. One by one, I heard the most glorious sound ringing in my ears, furry nuts exploding and bodies falling to the ground. Gandalf the White slowly lurked towards me and put out his hand and said, “I can see clearly now the Ewoks are dead, they are all dead and blown apart” The first wave of Ewoks were defeated, and that was just the beginning.Ten hours later, Gandalf the White was holding my hand in the hospital bed, stroking my arm. “It’s all ogre now son, it’s all ogre.” Legg the magnificent was watching through the observation window outside the hospital room. 10/10 –IGNThe New York Times- Best story ever, I was fully immersed in the story and got tears at the end! Would bang 10/10 I approve this message- Chuck Norris
Was an awesome game before they introduced combat, now the game has released i cant even play it anymore unless I buy it again. I spent $30 or so on the starter pack and they sent me a big F**K YOU after the game released and expired my pass. I wont buy it again just for the reason that the money I already spent on it is invalid. Was a 10/10, now a 1/10. Good job!
