This game was great, once.Until the developers ruined it. This is my opinion for 3 reasons.1. The Tech TreeRobocraft used to be so much fun when the Tech Tree was there. It gave the game a purpose, something to aim for, to       unlock better gear. Since that us now gone the game has no purpose, it has become Minecraft 2 where you can just build whatever you like.2. The Tier SystemAll the original players would agree that Robocraft was better with the Tier System. It made the game fair for everyone and made it so you could get matched with Robots the appropriate level to yours. The Tier System and The Tech Tree were what made the game great as you had to play games, earn tech points, unlock new gear and keep doing this until you could get your Robot to the next Tier.3. GameplayIn the Respawn and Overclocked update the gameplay changed dramatically both negatively and positively. It made it some once you were dead you were still in the game but this damaged certain things. For me this update made the medic useless. Instead of the idea of the medic helping fallen team mates and stopping team mates getting eliminated they altered it so if you were damaged you could just respawn. I know they kept the normal gamemode but no one played it. Recently to help with the creation of this game becoming Minecraft 2 they have made it so your Robot no longer requires a pilot seat. This is stupid in so many ways and now the Rail Cannon has become somewhat useless. It used to be that if you headshotted a Robots pilot they were instantly destroyed and still is. This means that people who don't have pilot seats have a huge advantage. Overall Robocraft has been completely destroyed and made unenjoyable.P.S. I used to play the game through the launcher not through Steam so don't think I'm just some noob with 8.9 hours.
Great Game! If you are into strategy and action this is the game for you. I rate it 8/10
I don't recommend downloading Dirty Bomb.On the postitive side : The gamemodes are fun and unique.On the negative side: It is a fairly big download that is not worth it. Dirty Bomb also requires a fairly good computer to run efficiently. The loadout card systems is also a stupid concept in my opinion. In conclusion don't donwload Dirty Bomb.
Solid 18 minutes of gameplay.
