pretty dank, would recommend, one of my favourites and easily the most well programmed game I've played in a long time
Easily my favourite game ever produced so far. Ontop of every other stealth/combat game, this manages to exceed itself in every way possible. If your a fan of stealth as an option, this is easily a top choice when chosing a game, Dishonoured gives you the options of many paths within each misison. Whether it is to sprint and jump across the rooftops, dropping down on your enemies like tomorrow, you can go complete stealth without having to ever use your blade. However as many other games propose, is when playing something heavily integrated with stealth, it is often pointless to try and face the enemy head on when playing on the hardest difficulty, Dishonoured still gives you that option as it is still completely possible to face them head on. It still is extremely hard to do, I find after much practice of combining teleporting and agility together it becomes a non-stop intense fight until someone is left standing and the other taken apart by rats or sliced to peices. This takes me onto the next point of a concept, the use of this -steampunk- world ran by whale oil is made completely believable through the realistic-appocalyptic setting. The world becomes a part of the way you play through each mission, after my personal 7th playthough of the game, I still find things I have never discovered before, purely basing my knowledge off the way I had previously encountered similar structures within the world of Dunwall. Whether you choose to kill everything in your path and lead to a particularly destructive conclusion, or whether you remain to become unseen throughout the whole entire game remains to be your choice. Finally, the DLC. Out of all games this remains to one of the best DLC-integrated games where it is 100% worth buying after you finish the game, whether it is to play as Daud who had just an equally as good story as Corvo where more secrets of the city are unveiled, or to play in time trials and challenges, rating yourself against the rest of the world.All in all my favourite game above Skyrim, Far Cry 3 and 4, Hitman Absoloution and Shadow Of Mordor. 
