A very fun and addicting game!This game takes the basics of survival based games, and puts you into a never sleeping world full of bandits and abandoned towns ripe for looting. This game, for anyone who is craving a good survival game, is a perfect cure for your crave.This game is constantly onlineBeing constantly online means tons more suspense and a reason to keep coming back to the game. Also, most servers I have played on are sleeping servers, which means that when you log out you just sleep on the floor so other players can kill you and take your stuff. All while your offline! This may put some people off the game but to me, I love it even more as it makes me want to build a basic shelter as fast as I can before I log off. This makes me feel way more involed in the world then I actually am. Which is what a game should always try to make me do, and Rust has done it perfectly here.Building a house is rewardingBuilding a good and safe home in Rust is hard! Especially when you want to build a big tower (Good luck!) With a lot of bandits roaming the world of Rust, you first have to ask yourself, is my home practicle? Will it keep me safe? Will people easily be able to break in? Will I survive long enough to finish it? You must always ask yourself this before building a house as they are all questions that, if answerd with yes, will keep you alive. But once you finish that fantastic house. It feels rewarding. Unlike Minecraft where you only need to get some blocks and you have a house, Rust is very unforgiving when it comes to houses. You'll need A LOT of recources to make a safe house.ConstantlyOnlineI've already talked quite a lot about how I love this game being online so I'll make this brief. With the world always being online, logging on can be scary. For instance, you could have been raided and killed while you were away, losing days work and making you start all the way from the begining. You must know who to trust. If anyone comes around your house, asking for food two things could be happening: One, he genuinly is new to the server and does need food or, two he has a barrel gun ready to shoot you. (Yes, I'm talking from experience, haha.) It's moments like these you can't get in many other games, which makes things like this very fun and scary.In AlphaFor a Alpha game, it's pretty complete. Yes, there are a few bugs here and there but, as far I have seen nothing gamebreaking.This game, from the outside, can easily be compared to games like 7 Days to Die and Minecraft but it's way more then that. Do you feel like building a giant tower and  snipe all who come to close? Go ahead. Do you just want to run around, causing trouble? Have fun. Do you want to make a big group with your friends and raid the biggest building in your area? Thats cool. This game has limitless possibilities! The price of 20 bucks for an unfinished game may make some people look away, but dont! Because if you do, you'll be missing out on one of the best Steam games you'll ever have in your library.
This game is a fantastic display of what Steam Early Access SHOULD be used for. An indie company who has a great idea and needs a way to get good publicity. I've had this game for awhile but not been able to play a lot of it. I would recomend this game to everyone, simple but complex for those who wish to delve deeper. And, most importantly IS FUN TO PLAY! Also, Linux support. This game has had a pretty slow develpment phase, being stuck in early access for a couple of years, but the wait was worth it. Again, this game should be an example to all other game's entering Steam Early Access.10/10 for an inde game, this is an outstanding game. This kicks most AAA games into orbit (HAH! See what I did there?) because of how awesome this game is. If you havent already, pick up this game. You won't regret it!
Description says your stranded naked. You're not. 0/10 Not enough nudity
I let Wheatly into my room but he drove it around and destroyed it. 0/10 Worst room service ever, would not recommend to my friends.P.S. I ordered cake for dessert and it never came, I am very dissatisfied.
