Portal 2 is one of those rare games that makes its predecessor completely obsolete. There are more puzzles, more characters, better graphics and sound, more variables in the puzzles, and a surprising story that went above and beyond my expectations. Unfortunately, once you’ve beaten both campaigns, there’s nothing left to do. Even with that shortcoming, however, Portal 2 is one of the most enjoyable gaming experiences I’ve had for quite a while.
If you've played previous Elder Scrolls games, glitches and oddities don't come as a surprise. Nevertheless, Skyrim comes in a year graced with multiple quality RPGs that feature tighter combat, fewer bugs, better animations, and so forth. But to be fair, none of those games are endowed with such enormity. Yet The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim doesn't rely on sheer scope to earn its stripes. It isn't just that there's a lot to do: it's that most of it is so good. Whether you're slashing a dragon's wings, raising the dead back to life, or experimenting at the alchemy table, Skyrim performs the most spectacular of enchantments: the one that causes huge chunks of time to vanish before you know it.
Saints Row: The Third is violent, insane, and probably offensive to most non-gamers. It goes out of its way to be so. It does have an interesting story and you will have many options for customization. Then there's a whole different part of the game where you can create as much chaos as you see fit.That all happens with moments of frustration from the spike in difficulty and in a mission structure that is a little too restrictive. The game is amazingly fun, though, and lets you feel good about doing bad things.
Heavy is the head that wears the crown, and it’s obvious from Fable III’s opening that it won’t be long before it’s weighing down yours.Lionhead used the time between 360 and PC versions to add a new ‘challenging’ mode to the game, but I blazed through the final conflicts with one hand free to drum on my desk. The difficulty of tougher fights – werewolves are particularly brutal – is defused by your respawning just a few centimetres from your corpse, the loss of a pouchful of guild seals your only punishment.
Commander Keen. Many of us have played this game in our youth. The plot was just wacky enough, the gameplay just great enough, to make this many people's favorite platformer.With a great level set-up, and secret passages, this game is a must-try. If you like old platformers, you will love this one. If you like any platformer at all, you will like Commander Keen 4.
Dead Island is Fallout 3 with zombies. Plenty of people are going to compare it to Dead Rising (as you can create weapons), but when I finally got past the game-'s obtuse opening and less than stellar cutscenes, I found a world rife with quests, interesting environments, and a character progression system that had me begging for more hours in the day. Is Dead Island perfect? No. Far from it. As much as I lauded it, Dead Island is rough around the edges and that-'s sure to turn a lot of people off. First-person melee combat doesn-'t feel natural right away -- although aiming with the mouse is far superior to the console control schemes. The same can be said for the PC version-'s graphics, which are way sharper than the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360-'s. That said, textures tend to flicker from time to time, I-'d describe every cutscene as -stiff,- and the visual flaws like hands going through doors and weird mini-game meters made me laugh. Still, A Eneering Lackluster Performer
