Stranded deep is an extremely promising early access game that needs to add more variety and features.I had been waiting for stranded deep for a LONG time before it's early access release. It was the perfect type of game for me. When it came out I did not enjoy it as much as i thought i would. Don't get me wrong, I REALLY like the game, but I just can't bring myself to love it, and that's because of one thing.Stranded deep is a very good early access game, it runs exetremely well, rarely crashes. It does have a substantial amount of bugs but most of these are just funny and do not take away from the game, and the bad ones are removed within one patch. The game looks amazing and is such a good idea, and now all the developers need to do is add more things to the game. As of now, the game is very simple. You go from island to island, explore wrecks, collect loot, build bases, deal with wildlife, deal with weather, collect food & water and survive. This is exactly what the description of the finished game should be (plus escape back home, or any other cool things the developers can think of), it just needs to be fleshed out. There needs to be more types of everyhting. More wrecks (maybe even caves or other natural exploration areas), more loot, better base building, more (and interesting) wildlife, and in my opinion the most important of all: more types of islands, besides the generic, tiny palm tree islands. I would love to see tiny sandbars, or a massive jungled island, or a grassy island, or a large desert island.Overall, I would reccomend you this game the way i would reccommend any good (emphasise good) early access game. If it looks interesting to and you want to get in on the developement or just join in as the game develops, I would highly reccommend it.
This game is just incredible. The graphics are some of the best I've ever seen (and it still runs like hipsters to an apple store), the combat and other gameplay mechanics are top notch, the story is engaging and the characters are unique, memorable, and most of all I cared about them.The world is so beautiful yet so dark. Geralt, while at first seeming shallow is actually a deep and layered character, and you as a player need to make some interesting moral choices that are actually about something other than which faction to join, or who lives and dies.If you are worried that a game so good can't possibly be long, you're wrong. I sunk nearly 100 hours into the base game alone, and you could EASILY do a lot more if you get into Gwent, or do many of the side missions I'm sure I missed.Although technically an open world game, the Withcer 3 is not a sandbox. It is a story driven game, and while open for you explore and do side missions, the entire game is finely crafted, and everything you do has it's won intricate story.I don't normally like to assign arbitrary number scores to things, but seriously:10 out of 10.My favourite game of all time.
It really, really pains me to say this, but I just can't recommend Fallout 4.I was so excited for this game, and for a while after it came out, I had Phantom Menace Syndrome. Over time, I have realised that it's not that good.Don't get me wrong, it sure as hell isn't bad. The game from a purely technical level it pretty great.On paper, the game seems like it'd be really good; good graphics, massive and incredible detailed world, improved gunplay and great crafting systems. It's just as an overall experience, Fallout 4 feels incredible average, and something you do not need to play.I'm sure there are a million small reasons why, but I think it really boils down to the RPG mechanics.  They are, admittedly simple, although I do not think that's a bad thing at all. Skyrim had simple RPG mechanics and that's one of the best RPG games of all time. No, the real problem with Fallout 4's RPG mechanics is a simple one: your skills don't improve from playing.The reason the RPG mechanics worked so well in Skyrim is that when you did something, you got better at it. A very simple reward for trying new playstyles, or sticking with one. And if you enjoyed that skill enough, every level you could spend a skill point to unlock interesting abilities, or massively upgrade your effectiveness in that skilll.In Fallout 4, you don't improve jsut from doing things, and per-level skill points are used for interesting abilities, and basic progression. And it's that which I think is at the core of Fallout 4's issues. There is no reward for doing things, and you feel cheated every time you can't get a cool new perk everytime you need to spend the skill point on basic progression.This dampens the experience massively, and combined with it's other issues, makes Fallout 4, while not bad, an incredible average game that you have no real reason to play.
This game is really awesome. It's only $15 and it will give you unlimited playtime due to the randomly generated world. You get to build your owm pirate ships out of blocks, hire a crew and sail the world. It's a great game to play offline and you can play it on a bad computer. The only problem is when you get a bad randomly generated world and you cant get anything (very rare tho) 9/10
This is amazing, its just so fun!
This game is great but i reccomend getting Farcry 3.
