Played the mod, loved it. Played the standalone, should've bought rust instead.My first experience:I spawn at Balota. Nice and happy due to the fact oh yay I can get a gun. I was wrong, too many bandits and shooting near Balota so I decided to go to Cherno and have fun. On the way I found some food and a bag and a helmet. First person I meet is really nice and I talk to him and stuff but the first thing I know he knocks me out and steals my pants and food. Well ♥♥♥♥ that guy. I finally wake up from the 30 minute knock out time which there is no timer to help you and run away. I go down the road and meet another dude who was just punching the air. Talk to him and he is nice, I really don't care if he knocks me out at this point cause I will probably just quit the game rather than wait another 30 minutes. Next thing I know, BOOM two bandits come out with guns aiming down their sights at me and the dude who only have our fists out. They tell us to surrender so I am quickly mashing buttons to try and surrender (first time playing so I had no clue what button) and they decided to hatchet me, knock me out and then leave me for zombies to eat me. I just left. This game legitimately sucks ♥♥♥. But wait, just to be even more awesome don't forget to add the fact the game has no cars, loot is near impossible to find, when you find food you need a sharp object oh and the fact everything is so glitchy it is near impossible to play.I tried getting back into the game but everytime I spawned it was night time, I had a torch but due to DayZ glitching, my torch was facing behind me and I had no way of seeing loot.10/10 reccomend you do not buy this game. Go buy the mod instead, sure it may be an old game but it is sadly much much better than DayZ Standalone will ever be. Oh and add the fact DayZ Standalone probably won't be finished until 3 years time and in 2 years time they finally add cars.
Riddled with hackers. They're literally in every second game. If they made a single player in this as well however, it'd be pretty ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.
Note, this game is in it's very very early stages, so it is quite repetitive and lacks features.Though, that being said if you choose to continue, I absolutely love this game. The first time I opened it, I played it 4 hours straight, there are some problems but like I said it's early access. The only real thing I want fixed immediately, is allowing you to make a gaming video while another is rendering or uploading. That's quite annoying as you can't even use the computer.
This is a game which immediatley appeals to your addictive senses. You want to get more money in the game, therefore you need to play more.This is not a game which is story-rich, though there is a story.I would be rating it 8/10, just because I feel like there could be more and the mechanics are a bit iffy.
Smite is an amazing game and the concept is absolutely perfect. This game would also be perfect if.... HiRezStuidos pulled their ♥♥♥♥ together and instead of marketing, they decided to fix the numerous issues they already have. For example.The Accept button for games, that has been broken for about 6 months, will they ever fix it? (To answer the question you must also answer, will they get money for doing it, if no, then you have no chance in hell for that being fixed.)Balancing gods. This has always been an issue in Smite with some gods being so useless they are never seen, while other gods are so overpowered that they are the winning factor of games. Once again, if HiRez fixes it, will they get money? Probably not? Okay then, it-'s not being fixed.Servers causing people to randomly crash. This has been somewhat fixed but is still an issue, but HiRez has probably ignored the issue now since they did little work to fix it.  Once more we go with the rule. (Will it make HiRez money? -no- Then HiRez shall not fix it.)This game has the potential to be the greatest Moba, but HiRez Studios is dragging it down constantly by not caring about the actual gameplay and only caring about money.I absolutely adore this game, but at this state, I cannot reccomend  it.
This gaming was incredible. I would rate this one of my all time favorite games. It was so good and everything about it was so fluid. I would and have reccommended this game to a lot of my friends. Not once have I ever thought this game sucks, it was too good for that. I am extremely happy with this game and would rate it a 9.5/10. The .5 was that the second building curse sucked, and the game was a bit too quick. None the less, it was worth the money 100%. A good price for a good game with lots of replay value.
Absoloutely love this game, it is one of the best games I have probably played so far (yes many people will have different opinions cause of different genres and crap like that but I truely love this game), and the fact that it is made by one guy is just incredible.I finally made a town where I could survive with 100 people and realise I still have a long way to go but I am still loving the game even though it can stress me to the max. I cannot wait for the mods that the community make for this game come out.The Vanilla game is great its just the Trading system is a bit confusing and hard to understand at first but otherwise this is a great game and I can't wait till the mods come out or he comes out with a different update or DLC to this (This is if he does, not saying he is or not but I wouldn't mind it if he did and would probably buy it)
