Honestly, I cannot say enough good about this game. You will come to love it and I haven't met anyone with a bad opinion of this game. Sure, it's not everyone's cup of tea, but if you are even slightly curious or interested in this game at all, GET IT. It's very relaxing and you can take the game at your own pace. Whether that is speed running and getting all achievements and as much money as fast as possible or slowly adventuring, uprgrading your house/tools/weapons or just fishing the entire day away. This game has a huge plethora of things to do which will likely keep you busy for a very long time. AND if that's not enough incentive to buy this game then another incentive would be that the developer actually LISTENS to people's feedback! If you have a problem or a bug that needs fixed or simply just some critiscism or appraisal, the developer (ConcernedApe) of this game will listen and act upon this. All around fantastic game and fantastic developer! 11/10 from me!
An interesting FPS Tower Defense game. Light hearted and witty commentary and voice lines. Unique story and easy/challenging levels of gameplay for both novice and experts alike. The Graphics are beautiful and have a very 'Team Fortress 2' look and feel to them. I've logged over 70 hours in this game and have gotten every achievement and I still have new maps to play, new weapons to use and different strategies to implement. I definitely recommend this game as it's hours of fun for you and a friend (if you wish). Regardless of what way you like to play, up close and personal, or further back and let all your traps do the work, this game can cater to you. But whatever method you choose to use, just remember... THESE ORCS MUST DIE!
This game is awesome in my opinion. It sort of shows the history of games and evolution of gaming as a whole, but in its own interesting way. You start off in a Black and White 2D platformer, then 'upgrade' your game all the way to HD. It gives homage and a tip of the hat towards many gaming greats including Legend of Zelda, Final Fantasy and even Skyrim! There's many, many refrences which probably alot I missed too! Anyway a fantastic game! I absolutely loved every single minute of it. Brought me lots of nostalgic feelings towards older games in the way it makes you grind for xp, levels, abilities and money. You need to search every corner of dungeons for loot and secrets and fight hard bosses until you learn their attack patterns and just roll them. My only problem with this game is that it is too short! Honestly you can finish the game in less than an hour. The only reason my playtime is 6 hours is because I went collecting everything and getting 100%. It's not worth the full price for that little gameplay. Try to get it on sale! :D
This game is pretty decent in terms of mechanics. However, more than likely, it will make you develop anger issues and slowly become more and more addicting until you realise you've been playing it for 12 hours straight trying to rank up, but you can't because everytime you search for a game you get stuck with other people just as bad as you and don't understand a word you are saying and somehow you always seem to get matched up against godlike players who should be competing in the professional scene, then you get horribly destroyed by them and find out that they are a lower rank than you which means... Yup, you've de-ranked once again meaning that all this time spent has gone to waste and you are even worse at the game than when you started 12 hours ago... but other than that, super game!
This game is just a time sink. If you have lots of time on your hands and like the aspect of 'New Game +' then this game is certainly for you. It's completely free so you may as well give it a go! The main premise of this game is to defeat the monsters by clicking. Later you get upgrades that make you do more damage or click less, or not have to click at all. Then when you get to an unbeatable point... you start all over again with a few more upgrades so you can progress a little further next time. This game is repetitive and monotonous, but god damn it, I'm addicted to it!
Awesome game with so much to do. There are bosses to defeat so you don't get bored. All round, an amazing game and I would highly recommened to everyone. :D
Ok, let me just start off by saying I do not watch the TV series of The Walking Dead, I think it's boring. That aside, I loved this game and the fact that choices you make earlier in the Story will affect you later with your relationships and events with certain people in your group. This is a very casual and story driven type of game. I would not buy it if you are looking for a high action, shoot 'em up type of game. This game plays slowly, you need to pay attention to the story and dialogue and at certain points be forced to make a decision that will influence the outcome of the game. This game is pretty fantastic and has kept my on the edge of my seat for the entire journey. I've sunk about 12 hours into this game and that's enough to complete it at a slow pace. Really looking forward to playing season 2 now!
This is a pretty unique game with very interesting aspect. You play as a Toddler trying to find out what happened to your missing mother as Supernatural forces do their best to scare you and interfere in your journey. The idea behind this game was refreshing and in certain parts of the game it's very atmospheric and tension driven. Quite a few jumpscares in this, but it was generally refreshing to play. I enjoyed this game. Although some things were a little buggy. No controller support, Fake walls which you can glitch outside the map, slow animations that jump if used too quickly and some other notable ones. However, if you are able to look past all of that, I think the game is worth the price tag.
Awesome, addicting and very challenging game. Highly enjoyable which quickly turns into frustration and anger. It's great :D
An amazing Hat Simulator game with a really cool built in FPS mini-game
