Like, the best game of all time? Probably 9.5 out of 10. W/O Mods and bugs worked out, of course... BUYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY IT!!!!!!!!!!! Legendary Edition is only $50 USD and it includes all the DLC. Yes, i'm talking to you, Brodey.
Simply not interesting enough for me to keep playing, I haven't played it since it came out, and my friend's situations were similar. Not sure about the game quality, but from other users I can see that people think its not as good as 3 or NV. Not judging the game quality, but if a game isn't interesting enough for me to keep playing it, thats saying something
Scariest game i've played in a while, definitely recommend it.
The only thing that drops harder than the beat in the soundtrack is the framerate.
How to do a sequel right! This game takes what was already amazing in Oddworld Inhabitants-' first amazing game, -Oddworld: Abes Oddysee- and improved upon them threefold, such as being able to chant creatures other than sligs, like Scrabs, Paramites and Glukkons. Words cannot explain how great the puzzle solving in this game is. Every single screen in this game is memorable, just as the first game, and is an amazing platformer. Not just out of nostalgia, but at a critical game-making point of view, I give this game a 10/10.
This game is for the ultimate AvP fans, and that only.You can choose between 3 species, the Aliens, the Predators, and the Marines (Humans). They each get their own single player campaign, which are all interesting in their own way. The Alien gets you to sneak in the shadows, silently taking out their prey. The Predator gets you in the open, with your cloak, you can sneak up on people and collect their heads as trophies. The Marine is when you really are screwed. You are almost always in dark areas with a pistol or a pulse rifle with Aliens that could be anywhere.But... you don't get much replayibility out of it unless you're a hardcore AvP fan, or an Alien or Predator fan. Like me, I could pick this up and play it, but for others, it is really boring to play through another time.Would you buy this game?
♥♥♥♥ this game is scary, I'd recommend to play with the lights off and with high quality headphones :)
Still better than Colonial Marines...
Classic game from my childhood brought to the PC, nice game. Makes me feel very nostalgic.
