This is one of the most legitimate mods I-'ve ever seen hands down. Portal Stories: Mel is simply a YES if you finished Portal 2 and you need a new story and puzzle. There will be no -tutorials- unlike Portal 2, and you-'ll start with all the elements thrown at you in the beginning, so I recommend if you finish Portal 2 first.Be warned though, the puzzles are mostly hard and you will need to think more outside the box to figure it out. BUT, it will be very satisfying once you solve it, so gear up! You-'re in for some frustration and a whole bunch of Thinking With Portals. All Over Again! ;)Oh and also, the mod has all that you expect, Valve quality, so don-'t worry about it. You-'ll be fascinated. For Science!
Tree of Savior is what you expect. A true successor of the so called Ragnarok Online. For this review, I'll be writing on paragraphs divided by pros and cons. I played through ICBT, so I can tell a lot from my point of view.Pros:ToS has a huge amount of options for classes. Large variety of classes and combinations that will most likely suit what kind of class you want best. The adventure is long and grindy, but it's always enjoyable, especially with friends, as you wander around a world masterpiece. The game is very deep too, the level cap is more than 200. The mechanics are mostly Keyboard / Controller based; hitting the enemies are manual. Positioning and tactics matter a lot. Attacks deal in an AoE. It's a step up from Ragnarok's combat mechanics mostly. If you want to go back to the ol' times of MMORPG, ToS is for you.Cons:The biggest problem I have with ToS at the current state is poor optimization. It's said that even the high-end users find the performance to be worse than it should be. For low-end users, crashes are very common due to instability. Everyone should have a stable 60 FPS for high-end PC, and 30 FPS for low-end PC.Also, the story is linear although more variety. You either start from Klaipeda or Orsha, but both are linear in nature.If you don't want to grind, no, this game is not for you.Verdict:7/10. As long as the optimization issue is not fixed, I cannot give this game a high score just yet. I really hope they will fix this up in the near future. It's worth giving a try either way, though :)
Dota 2 is a refreshed living legend, made much easier to access to more casual players alike. It has much clearer graphics, effect, and sound effect than its WC3 counterpart. Servers are legitimately served for you by Valve themself with huge servers set from around the world for easy access. There is nothing much to say than being one of the best F2P games of all time. There are no P2W elements at all, heroes are all open for you, fancy fashion for your heroes are drop / trade as you play more, and everything is made for your greatest pleasure as if you owned a paid game. Dota 2 also served as an important factor in the PC gaming legacy thanks to The International.Because of these facts, Dota 2 is the kind of F2P you're looking for and its example is truly worth following. I'm only warning you about some of those dumb players mostly on your first few hours though, so stay positive, keep playing, and you'll find yourself out of there (though not entirely)!
