Because partying up with friends doesn-'t exist, get ready to watch the same ♥♥♥♥heads enter and leave the lobby in an attempt to play with their friends...this will cause VERY few matches to start. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME, not even when they add some party support.*UPDATE*Newest update comes with a glitch that put me in a game and a lobby AT THE SAME ♥♥♥♥ING TIME. Close the game and re-open it only to find that I-'ve now lost All of my rankings that I-'ve gained over the last 2 hours of playing. ♥♥♥♥ these Devs10/10 would never Buy againIf your complaining that the games to hard for the killer. ♥♥♥♥ OFF AND CAMP A HOOK LIKE EVERY ♥♥♥♥WIT THAT PLAYS THE KILLER. I honestly hope the Devs update the game to punish you campy little ♥♥♥♥♥es. However that won-'t happen, because to many whiney sociopaths that like to que up alone to live out their phantasy of being a killer. EVER person is playing the trapper. The trapper is completely broken, its NOT fun to randomly run into bear traps that were for the most part unavoidable. Seriously, this game has no balancing to it in the slightest.1 - Killer is faster then survivors, fair enough2 - Trapper has 6 bear trappers (maybe more) and believe me, your not going to disarm or sabotage the majority of them3 - half of all barriers that survivors can drop are so poorly placed that the killer actually saves time by going around...litrally making the mechanic redundant.4 - Killers perks are by far better then anything the survivors get...whats that? Survivors got rid of all the hooks on the map beside tha basement? Pfft, ♥♥♥♥ that. Killers got the iron grip perk meaning he can carry survivors for a complete lap around the map and straight to the basement.5 - Killer gets slowed down after successful hits to allow survivors to get away....MOTHER♥♥♥♥A I-'VE GOT A PERK FOR THE TO AS THE KILLER.6 - Are the survivors hiding to well? ♥♥♥♥♥ please, I can see them through muther♥♥♥♥ing walls7 - Killer is capable of flatout killing without a hook...I know this is a rare mechanic in the game, but it makes the entire idea of the game redundant if the killer doesn-'t need hooks.8 -  Why was the game patched so that killers get points for disconnecting survivors...yet not the other way around? Seriously, survivor gets jack ♥♥♥♥. Not the killer though, because the dev team has a HUGE hard on for serial killers.9 - Because now ever tryhard is playing the trapper killer, it-'s literally no different then the beta...have you played the beta? Well then don-'t bother because unless YOU want to play one of the other two killers, you-'ll never see them. Making every game fustrating, repetitive and boring.10 - I-'ve mentioned camping killers right? Why doesn-'t the game punish campers by harshly reducing their points if they stay near a certain distance of hooked survivors. The trapper has plently of time to stop any rescue because he has 100% placed bear traps infront of the hook.11 - Notice how many of my points assume you are playing against a trapper...AGAIN, EVERY ♥♥♥♥ING TRYHARD IS PLAYING THE TRAPPER! THIS GAME HAS BECOME SO STALE BECAUSE OF THAT. NERF THAT ♥♥♥♥ER OR TAKE HIM OUT ENTIRELY.I-'ll finally leave this off by informing you that I-'ve had MORE bugs and game breaking glitches since the recent patches. Now be honest, does that sound like a developer that you want to support in anyway. This is a sub par product, a cool idea but nothing more. This game has angered me quite a lot, and this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mood that the game has put me in comes back the moment I consider playing this game again. Wait for the -Friday the 13th- game or the successfully kickstarted -Last Year- if you want a game that has similiar ideas. Because this game is at best worth 5 bucks and maybe 2 hours of your time. I-'ve played as much of this game as I can stomach so that I can say I gave this game a fair chance. I-'ll be avoiding this developer like the plaque they are, very disapointing product.
Just do yourself a favour and wait till it's fully released....
This games fantastic, and it looks really good and I was surprised to see it was made in 2005 with how well it has aged.This game is also some of the best coop fun I've had.This game is a great bargain for its current price, really glad I spent the 7 bucks on this game.
There isn't anything special here...very bare bones game
I can play the game now....is fun
