Ahh brings back so many childhood memories... although the crashing bug is a pain to fix it is worth the nostalgic feeling I get, with this game revolving around proper military strategy and wit compared to resource micromanagement and tech research in most RTS games today
Great game, I could put more effort into a detailed review, but I've got  everyone else for that.
Great flexible WWII tank and plane combat game. Has game modes for fast paced action in other games like WoT, but also contains -realistic- game modes for the hard core player. System is balanced with tanks facing off against tanks they can beat, with every pro and con weighed and measured. A bit grindy for the late game tanks, but at least we don-'t have to pay for them.Not a pay-to-win game with premium bonuses revolving around respawning the same tank or bonus points for your tank needs. Some premium tanks, but are rarely seen in battle which reflects their real life counterparts (captured enemy tanks, Non mass-produced tanks etc.)Overall an 8/10
Great game, lots of potential... but nobody played it :(It's a shame, although even if it did go through many people would have complained about the grind
Great game, a little bit too male gamer oriented for my taste but that-'s personal preference. In terms of free MMORPGs this one seems good in the fact that you don-'t need to pay for the game, it just takes time and effort, not your wallet. The only reason I have so few hours is simply because it needs dedication to play, hundreds of hours and almost daily gameplay to reach end game stuff, something I personally don-'t have the time to commit to. But for those that do want to commit to a great MMORPG, this is the game for you with the combat keeping you engaged because of the proper -accuracy- system compared to the old highlight attacks used in other MMO-'s
As your ship enters an unexplored system you are greeted by a vastly superior pirate fleet, waiting in ambush.You panic, your shields buying you precious seconds to choose an escape route.With the last of your fuel you make a blind jump forward, hoping to land in friendly space.You are dismayed as your ship enters an empty system, a dead end with pirates close behind you.In panic, you scan for a planet you can land on, hoping to hide from the pirates.Your ship veers to the side as it detects a large anomoly, its only identification as -????-The Pirates, outspeeding you, strafe your freighter as you limp your way towards the tear in spaceWith your shields down and injured, you enter only to find yourself in a completely different system, but one still as empty as the last.Shipwrecked, you scan the local channels for neighbouring vessels when you come across whole fleets of alien ships you had never seen before. One warps in, hailing your vessel before docking -You seem to gotten into a bit of a mess, do you need some help?-10/10 would re-discover aliens in a F2P game again
Great game, though I suggest buying the GotY Edition simply for the extra content, and the actual ability to continue playing the game after finishing the main story-line which is fairly short. Although it was a bit annoying getting it and all the addons working, a simple google search was all that I needed to fix them up
