-We-'ve made it clear that Payday 2 will have no microtransactions whatsoever-   That was me quoting the producer of Overkill, Almir Listo, Who lied to the faces of our community in 2013.♥♥♥♥ you Almir and a special -♥♥♥♥ you- to overkill.and a 0/10 to microtransaction simulator 2016 (Payday 2)
in my first 1 hour I made a fire breathing with a drill ♥♥♥♥♥10/10 would penetrate a windmill again
It's like tf2 and Battlefield had baby....
This game is awesome, don't listen to those negative reviews, they're just from people who are dumb enough to purchase airdrop tickets
Want a sandbox that allows you to murderize every manmade structure? Buy this game, oh, and see the giant bridge? you can destroy that, I know I did.
Buy this game, whatever it's cost, buy it, it's so worth it
Today I finished I am Bread, all 4 levels, I'm exited for the other 4, dear dev's, don't release new levels as DLC, DON'T
Sunday Morning, my alarm was yelling at me, but I didn-'t care, I got my gear and had my average cereal, the phone rang, I went over to pick it up, -you ready for today?- said the voice on the other line, -yeah I-'m outside- I responded, I quickly finished of everything else and headed for the door, sure enough the van pulled up, I jumped in the back, I sat down facing my best friend and old college roommate. It must have been about a 50 minute drive, I was feeling nervous, all four of us pilled out, I went up to scout the place from the inside, everyone else stayed behind. When I walked in, I was met with a security guard, he seemed to be daydreaming, I went over to the canteen area, no sign of any guards, perfect, I pulled out my mask and got out my trusty five-seven, -everyone down on the ground!- I yelled, the guard from earlier came over, I shot him, all my colleges flooded through the doors taking civilians left and right, I ran upstairs to find the manager, when I got up, more guards, good thing I had body armour, of course I shot them, I felt terrible, these guards probably have young children. I met my colleges back downstairs, I had the thermite already so we could get drilling, we rushed back across the main room, there had to be at least 20 cops at the entrance, worst thing was that they all shot in syncronization, We all went down, Chains, Wolf, Hoxton and me.7.5/10
Pros:- you can kill chickens with no backlash- Can set water on fire- It's cheap- has it's own SubredditCons:- Russians- You will rage a lotConclussion:Counter Strike is a game worthy of it's price, It offers competitive play and casual play, it will give you an experiences no other FPS title can, trust me... It's worth it
What could be better? A copy of Ride To Hell: RetrobutionProsGraphicsprovides Ideas of what to do in a zombie apocalipse ConsThe glitchiest game on steamNo Fast TravelYou will ALWAYS Die, and then it takes 7 years to respawn and then when you do, your eliminated by a zombie version of Goku or you're shot to ♥♥♥♥A game glamorized by youtubers and then it ♥♥♥♥♥ in your facecharacter customization give you nothingeats $30 of your profitPeople Kill you because they're ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sImpossible to find ♥♥♥♥Dayz fans: Nobody cares if you want to rip my throught out, so don't botherAny Normal Human Being: DO NOT CLICK ADD TO CARTI appologise...             ...for bad Grammar
