at the time of this review it's only early access, Has two current mods, the classic (which is reskinned chess) and then regicide mode which is really fun, I love chess and it adds a whole new level to the game. The fact you have abilities and stats for each unit (Orks being more offensive, while Space marines defensive.) and being able to attack pieces at range / if they are a terminator or assault marine they can melee adjacent units. I found some of my strategies failed because they would be bombarded by units. If this was the final game I admit I would be unimpressed but the fact there are plenty of other modes coming and a campaign and more. I think its worth it. But.... if you strongly hate chess then I wouldnt recommend
Buy itDownload itDownload GamerangerPlay on gameranger.Have tons of funImo better then the new one.
Okay, maybe I have not played this much and I enjoyed it for a bit as a fun game...However the glitches, lag, micro transactions all add up to make it a HORRIBLE game.I played one mission (Gridlock I think) where half the AI opponents would just walk mindlessly against the wall wrecking the mission.I encountered a hacker in the first 5 minutes of multiplayer which ruined that side of it to. Not to mention its current inactivity of servers.... I WONDER WHY? its a horrible game in general, there are so many better games out there.Also I do not know this for sure but the menu looks like its stolen off Blacklight: Retribution which I would rather go into and spend hours apon hours on if it was a choice between the two.However for the time I didnt experience those issues it was a fun game... Until I noticed that there is nothing left to do after the missions other then mindless pvp that is ruined by what was mentioned above.
Well part of me wants to reccomend it simply because the more players the better. However my game has come into issues (Just me so wont apply to you.) Therefore I havent been able to play it much, although the time I have played has been thoroughly enjoyable. I will warn you if you hate strategy and tatics and listening to teammates then do not get it. however if your looking for a more tatical and in-depth game then I will recommend it.Being australian does not help my liking to the game, theres only 3 servers for AUS. One of which has a password, the second is barely ever available and the third is a blast to play on. When its not full. Because when it is full you have nothing to do but bare with the >200 ping. However there are plenty of EU and US servers on there.If your still unsure, just look at some peoples playtimes :P while you definetly wont be able to get 1000 hours out of it since it isnt as active as it was, for $10 USD its definetely going to be worth the money if you can bare the extremely steep learning curve. Overall I still will recommend it because I go by the logic if I pay $15 AUD for a movie and get 2 hours of enjoyment, if I can get an hour for every $ I spent my money was worthwhile.
An amazing game, Ive since playing this game stopped playing CSGO altogether. personally I find the community a lot better and constant updates and fixing to the characters amazing. I definetly reccomend to anyone :)
If you have steam and you dont have this... then you need to get it.
