This game is a well crafted platformer that shows the pinnacle achievement of all award winning platformers. It takes all great ideas such as fixed camera angles, no checkpoints (hardcore) and a easy to learn but hard to master combat system. The combat system may seem simple at first because there is only an attack button, but with hours of training and mastering you will be able to perform the sikkest combos such as jump attack. Every level is well designed and adds a great sense of immersion to it, they feel genuine and there are many hidden secrets such as apples being hidden in a house with no doors.Finally this game conveys a deep message that is a problem at the core of society, it teaches us that robbing other peoples water and leaving to them is justified as you must save your father. These ethics and values teach us that love for our own family comes at a great price and is a necessary sacrifice, although you could share the water with all the other citizens, why do that when you can beat them up with your magical leaf and hog all the ♥♥♥♥ for yourself?Under the many layers of content, like an onion, you will need to peel every piece of skin off and discover a whole new world, a whole new meaning of life. And like an onion, your eyes will swell up and tear drops will slowly roll down your cheeks.-11/10 IGN a truly magical journey that should be made compulsory for all people to play
After playing for nearly 40 hours I believe I have experienced enough of the game to make a review that has some legitamacy. Buy it if you like paradox games or enjoy 4X games. At its current state it is the a revolutionary game which is expected from a launch title from Paradox. The game right now provides lot of entertainment and fun, however it is the potential it has for future updates and expansions that has me excited. The game right now is solid and worth the price, it is solid for what it is, however I have a few gripes that I believe will be fixed with time.This game will become better with each update, but right now my biggest issue is that the lag late game really ruins the enjoyment. What I would be able to do in 5 minutes may be extended to 10 minutes due to lag and freezes.
I usually dont play through single player games. However, this is one of those games that you really get drawn into. Its immense and diverse world is great to play through. Its not a perfect game, but it is a masterpieceeee.
Great game, kill your friends for no reason, get killed for no reason, read a book and talk to people and be social.
I rate 9/11.
Community is so dead :/
Great game.
