Just Don't Play this game. It's hard to get new weapons nd its hard to kill anyone. I always got into matches with OP enemies with 4 sniper rifles or a couple of rocket launchers and i would be destroyed in a second! The worst part is, by the time i killed a robot (which i never did) it would have gone to the parts shop, upgraded itself then gone the the toilet and to the cafe and eat a 5 course meal and blow my head off with one shot.This game is too hard on the new players and it is almost impossible to match the OP players in the lobby because as you rank up THEY do aswell.1/10. Terrible
Beyond Sol was a game i only discovered a couple of day ago. I soon as i saw it i was hooked, the game looked really fun and amazing. Also it had multiplayer so i could play it with my brothers and friends. Here are the pros and cons!Pros:- Good Graphics (In my Opinion)- Fun- You get a fleet! It looks awesome to go into NLS - Good Combat- Random Events- City Building- Ship upgrades- Cool Explosions- It plays somewhat like a mix between the Spore Civilisation stage and the Space stage- Cool hexagonal territory capture system- Diplomatic, Economic and Militaristic playstyles- Mining- Money!- Doing Distress signals can increase you income! YES!- MultiplayerNow here are the cons. There is one REALLY bad one which seems to only happen to me? It has destroyed me a number of times. What happens is randomly the game will minimase itself and sometimes it wont let me back onto the game so i have to close the game and replay it again. Because of the handy save feature i dont lose any progress. I have died a number of times because it minimises during a heated battle and i cant fight back. It's very annoying.Cons:- Kinda reptitive- Negative dollars =(- Fighting early on can be fatal- Death during NLS charge, lol- random Minimising- Border tension screws you over- Always a pirate base nearbySo to sum it up, this game is absolutuely amazing and should be bought by lovers of space, strategy games. It is a fun game and gives you total freedom to take over the galaxy! Also Multiplayer. I have only played about 4 hours but trust me, that number's gonna get a WHOLE LOT BIGGER!9/10______EDIT_______Now this is something about the game (and my limited techical knowledge and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ router) that really ♥♥♥♥ing annoys me. Port ♥♥♥♥ING forwarding! A don't bloody understand how to do that ♥♥♥♥ and i don't think i ever will. It's so god damn confusing. I was really hyped to play with my 2 brothers but NO! The ♥♥♥♥ing port forwarding ♥♥♥♥ed everything up! It's soo sad since i really anticipated playing this with my peeps. Sorry if i am a bit angry nut i have been trying to do this ♥♥♥♥ for 3 hours and i realised i have got school in the morning so FFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUCK!!!Sorry about that outburst of rage against this games multiplayer. It's still a really good game but until it gets some sort of proper multiplayer system and not the cheap ♥♥♥ port ♥♥♥♥ing then maybe i will raise the score.6/10
ITS AWESOME! Even though it was hard to learn
I dont know waht they did but somehow this game has become amazing. The loading screens are soo much shorter now and the lag is not even there, only small spikes when generating new biomes, dinosaurs etc. My graphics are the lowest they can go but i dont mind. And even with the awesome frequent updates, the lag seems managable. I am soo amazed!Heres a little (Really long) story:Me and my brother had started in a base i had already worked on in the Southern Islets. I had lots of tamed dinos there. Once we were in we set our agenda and the first thing my brother wanted to do was tame an Argentavis. We armoured up with simple pistols and some Chitin armour. Peta and Flysquito were our Pteradons. We rode them on a long journey to  a tall mountain to the West. As we got there we came into contact with a hostile Argentavis (Giant Eagle). We dove in with our pteras and pecked at the Argentavis. We managed to take it out and took a landing on the top of the mountain. Down the mountain a T-Rex was coming up the hill but we didnt know at the time.We had about a dozen stacks of tranq arrows to spread around and lots of Narcotics. We were ready. I told my brother to pick an Argentavis he wanted. I scanned from the top as my brother went searching. All of a sudden my brother shouts: HELP! I charge to his nametag and see him unconcious with a Pulminoscorpion eating him. I shoot it to get its attention and take it out with more bullets. Unfortunately i now had to take care of my unconcious brother.I here footsteps behind me and as i turn i see a Utahraptor bounding toward me. A shotgun blast takes it down easy. My brother wakes and we look together instead. My brother shows me the one he wants. A majestic albino Argentavis with grey tipped wings and orange tallons. I shoot with with heaps of tranqs and it falls to the ground. After a long amount of time we finally tame it and another one i wanted.Then my brother (Dinos and ARK specialist) says: do you know about the Quetzal? I didnt and he tells me its a giant Ptera with a platform saddle. I was instantly intrigued. I hopped aboard my new Argy and bursted toward the frozen tundras to the West. I see a Pteradon out of the corner of my eye and i think its nothing but on closer inpection i found it was a Quetzal. OMG! I charge towards it and hover above it, luckily it didnt kill me. I tell my argy to follow me and jump off him and land on the Quetzals back. I force feed it narcotics and hop back on my argy. The Quetz goes down into a forest. It took a while but i tamed it. Just as i was about to take off i hear a huge roar. I turn and see i Giganotosaurus barrelling towards me. This baby had a ton of health and i ran for it.After that me and my brother went on a search for the -Titans- as we call them. The special dudes. To date we have:1 Bronto2 Quetzals1 Mosasaur2 PlesiosaursRight now we are trying to find that Giganoto but we havent found him yet. I WISH YOU COULD TAME TITANBOAS!9/10- Could use some graphic and lag adjustments!
Just Amazig!
1 word. AWESOME
THIS IS MY PREVIOUS REVIEW WHEN I HATED THE GAME. YOU CAN READ IT BUT MY NEW REVIEW IS AFTER THE BELOW!I thought it was an extremely fun game. I loved the D-Day mission in campaign and even without the expansions it is an excellent game.UNTIL. i went on the game one time and found that ALL units and BASES were invisible. I tried everything and even looked solutions up on Youtube but to no avail. Sadly this game was a waste of my money and it is now unplayable because the enemies are invisible and it just ruins the once amazing Company of Heroes. I am now sort of hesitating to buy CoH 2 becuase it could happen with that game too and COH 2 is $50. So sadly this game was a waste of time and money and unless it gets fixed i won't and can't play the game again. But to wrap up on a good note, i had plenty (About 4 matches) of good times and it is an older game so i can't expect too much. Cya and hope the the gods it gets fixed. =)*EDIT*SO i reinstalled the game after deleting it and i happily found out that it didn't turn my men invisible. I replayed the 1st campaign 1st level but on the second level, ALL my men and enemy men were in T-Pose with their guns sticking out of there chests and to make it worst EVERYTHNG BUT THE GROUND WAS BLACK (Not bien racist). I couldnt see my objectives becuase a huge black wall would appear in front of it and it is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I will uninstall this game forever and go play Men of War Assault Squad, a REAL strategy game. MOWAS is soo much better than ths junk AND in MOWAS there is an editor, though complicated. This game is stupid and i will never waste money on sequels ore anything, even if it is on sale. SCREW THIS GAME*EDIT*Sorry i raged quite a bit when i wrote the review. Now 2 years after uninstalling i downloaded it again. The new steam version. And it worked perfect. i have played heaps already and i am soo happy my favourite strategy game is back in action! Thankyou whoever changed the game. U R the best!!!10/10Perfect
