it's ok
The game is fun times and all but at the end of the day, it's Counter Strike with zombies. What did you expect from a Valve game? Call of Duty?
Not to be on the haters bandwagon, but this feels like a Saints Row : The Third expansion pack priced at $50. The game is good nevertheless. It features superpowers, president of the United States fighting aliens, tons of weapon customizations and the ol' character and vehicle customization. Moreover, it has tons of movie and video game references such as Harry Potter, Armageddon, Men in Black, Mass Effect, etc. 9/10
This is like a developing tool!
Grand Theft Auto IV returns to Liberty City from its predecessor, Grand Theft Auto III. However, you're fresh off the boat, rather than fresh off the prison.This game is full of memorable characters; from big mouth Roman, crooked Vlad, crazy Dimitri, Rat Boccino, or out-of-this-world Little Jakob. Everyone has their own stories, and their own purpose. As you would expect, Liberty city is a concrete heaven, but a very lively one at that. It's alive to the point where you could remember what some of the pedestrians might say when you cut them off in traffic or pull out a gun infront of them. The story in GTA IV to me is the best in the series. I'll leave it to you to experience it yourself and have your say. 
The only humorous thing about this game is GlaDOS and few other characters... insulting you. Who buys Poker Night games for the game anyway; I'm sure everyone buys it for the TF2 items. I hope I'm wrong.
There isn't much to say about this game; other than the fact that it's a simple cause-mayhem-in-a-map style with a story in it. It's already fun alone, but you can double the fun by playing in co-op especially with a friend.7.5/10Storyline badly executed and not well written, previous Saints Row games had more features. Stepping backwards and ignoring previous Saints Row games, Saints Row : The Third is actually a pretty good game. 0.5 comes from the co-op.
MOBA, or some may say, 'DOTA clone'. These types of games that not only are using the MOBA style gameplay, but also using the same fashion model as in Free-To-Play. Such as the in-game virtual store consists of characters (Heroes/Champions like in DOTA, HoN or LoL) whereby people can pay real money to acquire specific characters to play with, or simply by playing the game and earning in-game currency (which takes ages) to buy them. Additionally, cosmetic skins which was widely successful in LoL and as a direct result many developers sees the potential in this and hence they try to do the same.In a nutshell, it's SMITE with a bunch of near half-naked anime-like characters and SOME male characters. I don't like it, some will, because for me MOBA isn't a genre, the gameplay has too few variety to be classed as a genre. Not saying I don't like MOBA games, but it's getting too repeatitive.
Well.. this game is better than doing nothing, atleast.
