This game is a piece of ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥. Oh you'll like me to go into more detail. Everything is bad about it. I bought this game when it first came out and was actually quite good... But now I came back to this game recently to see that the game state is a piece of ♥♥♥♥. Let me list the problems:* Dinosaurs clip through everything* Spawns are bad (I spawned right next to a T-rex)* Models for the dinosaurs and everything are bad (I saw an upside down dinosaur)* The crafting and the weapons and just bad. (I don't know specificly but they're just terrible)* The game is dead (No one are on the servers)And the very last one... THE DEVS HAVE ♥♥♥♥ING ABANDONED THE GAME!! They took our money and just left.If you are looking for a good dinosaur survival game then just get ARK. So much better in every way.I can not recommend this game under any circumstances. PLEASE DO NOT BUY!!
I don't get what's good about this game but it's so ♥♥♥♥ing fun. It's fun to play with your friends and it's extremely cheap for what your getting aswell. Why are you reading this BUY THE GOD DAMM GAME!!
This game is absolutely amazing. It's really fun if you have a couple of controllers and a couple of friends/family to play it with. The one thing I don't like about this game is that it crashes a ♥♥♥♥ tone. But I do highly recommend this game.EDIT: In the recent update they've removed knocking yourself out and climbing (to an extent). Those were two of my favourite things to do when I vs my brother. The game in a whole is less interesting and getting a bit shallow now.
This is an amazing game. If you get the chance download this game. This game is so fun. It's ♥♥♥♥♥♥IC!!
So I got this game about a year and a half ago and you know it was fun. I got into games wasn't the best shooter out there but it was fun but after about 6 months of playing I stopped completely. The game started going down hill from that point. Hackers started to become a problem, game became Pay 2 Win, the game had terrible balence and no one was playing it. Now i come back to see that:* There are heaps more hackers (like every server there is at least one hacker)* The game is massively Pay 2 Win (Pay $20 for gun that one shots at almost every range and has a fast rate of fire)* No one plays it anymore (at least in Aus). (It took me 10 minutes to get into a game but the game was EU)* The weapon balence is non existing. (AA12 is a shotgun that is full auto and one shots in CQB and it can take you out pretty fast at medium range)The only selling point of this game is that it's free but thats it. It is a waste of space on your hardrive. I can not advise you to download this game.
Well this is an amazing game. It is sooooo fun. I don't know what it is but it's just amazing. The western theme suits it perfectly. I highly recommend this game. Plus it's free so if you don't like just uninstal it. You will have fun.*NOTE the graphics aren't the best but the graphics don't really matter.
When this game first came out to be fair it wasn't that good. It was pretty much a Call Of Duty clone but as time has progressed it has become a really fun game. It's not as Pay 2 Win as it use to but you can just play the game and buy things with in game currency. Also it's free, there is no reason for you not try this game out.
Amazing Game. There is a pretty step learning curve but once you get over the curve you are gonna have tones of fun. Yes you will get angry sometimes but come on, what game doesn't make you angry at one point.9.5/10
