My friend got this game for me and himself, we were playing it surviving for about 5 minutes until we just saw a monster and freaked out. I let go of the keyboard and he fell out of his chair. But this game is alot creepier than it looks until you get 45 minutes on it then you kind of know what to expect... That is Until a giant ♥♥♥♥ing spider comes around the corner inside a building... But anyways alot better than it looks, I would reccomend getting this with a friend or otherwise it is no were near as fun.
Ahh Fallout the only games that made me play for 16 hours thinking it had only been 4, that is the reason I love this game just because it just feels so so short but then you realise it has been hours upon hours. I would reccomend this with mods that change the combat so it is not always to easy and the mod Autumn leaves it is more of a DLC than a mod but that gave me the best reason to go back to the Mojave. If you want a game to just sit back and play for 4 hours thinking it has only been 1 other than civ I would reccomend this fallout out of all of the others.
This Game is Beautiful and I have a pretty low end laptop but I still manage to runit on low quality at 30 fps. I decided to get this game because my friend had it on the Xbox and he let me have a shot at it and it was amazing, this game is alot more challenging and longer than far cry 4 because in that you can use a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ grenade launcher while driving a car. I bought this on sale Deluxe edition for $10 but it is way worth $30 normally. 10/10 better fish AI
Pros:- The sound detail is amazing- The visuals are stunning for the time it was made- I got the Brutal Half-Life mod which mad everything more bloody and difficult- There was such a huge variety of weapons to choose from- I got to blow up a helicopter with a laser gunCons:- The Vorts do 50 health damage each hit - The final boss is a pain in the ♥♥♥ to kill- Made me jump out of my chair more than onceIf you like older shooters and for some reason have never bought this buy it now!!!
I bought the game for me and my brother and we downloaded it, we were playing gmod at the time and he didn't want to get off until I forced him and then we ended up playing 7 Days to Die from 1:30 Am to 4:30 Am, but I found it to be quite annoying because if you die next to or near a wall your bag can drop inside of it.I give it a 9.5/10
This game was beutiful in the story aswell as the arts and plus Maeko is my waifu so YOU SHALL NOT PASS!!!!!!!
THIS GAME IS THE BEST F***ING GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED 10/10 IT WAS ALSO QUITE CREEPY p.s be prepared to pull an all nighter when playing this game because you can't stop playing
Dragon is to OP
