-This game is a sleeping hit-. (More in-depth review through the whole post)pros:+Story - great story, great ending.+Gameplay - even tho it gets sturdy, and there aren-'t many combos you can do, it-'s still when time comes a fun aspect of the game+graphics cons:-voiceacting - was pretty bad, mediocre at best if you want it-explosion effects-camera - sometimes, it can really annoy you how when you-'re fighting a boss, it focuses and switches you from one place to the otherIt starts of really fast, and you kinda bump into a story. There-'s no background, there-'s nothing until you progress a bit through the game. Even then, you will ask yourself few questions, like, how did I get here where I am, what actually happend, but, even those -loop-holes- that exist in the story are minority, and should be ignored. The game picks it up once you go past the first chapter, the combat evolves, and you feel more connection to the characters. For me personaly, the way it was produced, I didn-'t feel special bond between main character, nor the girl that was with you all the time. Story is something definitely memorable, and if nothing, you should check the game only for that. Gameplay and graphics are something that are also mediocre I would say. Levels are linear, so there-'s nothing really to add up to it. Gameplay gets robust after a while, but what-'s interesting in this game is that there isn-'t that much of a combat as I thought it would be. There are few puzzles here and there, but that-'s pretty much it. Graphics are also for a game that came out in 2013 I would say pretty solid. Nothing spectacular, effects when popping up the mechs aren-'t fabulous, but that doesn-'t stop this game to excell at what it-'s best.
It's a rare occasion for a game to present itself in such a unique way and accomplish so much by just letting the player figure it out.Minimalistic albeit very pleasent art style accompanied with satisfying gameplay mechanics that don't do anything revolutionary but manage to keep you fairly interested have left a really memorable experience. I'm not a huge fan of puzzles games mainly because I get frustrated if a puzzle is overly complicated and ridiculous. During my LIMBO playthrough, I never felt the need to check guidance for tutorials or instructions on how to 'beat' a certain puzzle. Puzzles despite not being very hard, still require a decent amount of perception regarding the stuff and objects around you. The game is relatively short, and it kinda ends abruptly, but it definitely is a terrific experience that I'd recommend to anyone. Rating: 7.5/10 TL;DR: Combining interesting mechanics, various puzzles and minimalistic but charming art style, LIMBO will entertain you for a solid few hours.
Playing for the second time, this game always gets me. It's full of surprises, thrills, feels, everything mixed up. It's a wonderful story, wonderful gameplay, game is truly a masterpiece in every way. I already beat it once, but since TWD Season 2 came out, I wanted to play this game once again, just to feel like it how it is to play as a Lee. I think that no other game will make you as sad/happy as this one. It has it's moments where the tension rises to the maximum, where you actually feel somekind of bond between characters, especially bond between you ( main character ) and Clementine.I can't say anything other than you should try this game for yourself. It's quite unique experience, worth every single penny. 10/10
Captivating story, lovable characters, great visuals and soundtrack are some of the reasons I highly recommend this game to anyone who wants to just lay back, and enjoy the great narrative.DISCLAIMER: Following review will NOT contain spoilers. From the get-go, the game will grap you in its fantastic atmosphere and guide you with its beautifully crafted dialogue, which in my opinion, raises the bar very high for these kind of adventurous story-focused experiences.Dialogue in this game is done exceptionally well thanks to not only the great writing, but amazing actors that really breathe life into the characters. Game revolvs around strong story and characters, which they nailed in my opinion. Atmosphere meshed up with stunning visuals help you emerge into the world of Henry, firewatch lookout and Delilah, his superiour. As you progress throughout the story, you'll learn not only about the Delilah, but also about yourself. Firewatch knows it has a really great story and dialogue system, and it capitalizes on it for a reason. My main grip with the game is the ending. Although not bad, it's something that's somehow realistic, and I'm sure most of the people who complained about it expected something 'bigger'. It's not bad one by any means, but it's not something that would make you pop your eyes out even tho there are interesting theories about the ending and the whole game itself that I recommend you check out as soon as you complete Firewatch. If you feel like that pulling 4-6 hours from this game is not enough for a 'hiking simulator', then I'd recommend to wait for a little price drop before diving into it. Otherwise, if you're looking for a great story, solid character development and stunning atmosphere, this game is for you and I'd strongly recommend it.Rating: 9/10
BETA REVIEW: - Will update once the complete version comes out!I'll give this game positive review even tho I'm not sure it deserves one. I played previous Call of Duty, and given that this one comes from Treyarch, previous developers of Black Ops 1 and 2, I had huge expectations. Unfortunately, game didn't pan out as well as I expected it to do, and reasons are as follows.When compared to previous title in Call of Duty franchise, Advanced Warfare movement was far more smoother, and faster, but there was no wallrunning as far as I recall. Compared to Titanfall, this game looks like a slowass FPS shooter. Wallrunning in Titanfall was smooth, fluid, fast and it actually had sense. In Black Ops 3, most of the time, you don't even want to wallrun, and even when you do, the way it's done is so slow that it deters you from doing it ever again. I would say that the main reason for that is the neccessity of attaching to the wall before doing a wallrun itself. It feels weird, clunky, and is the main reason why I avoid using it as much as possible. All optimisation issues aside, game looks solid. I'd same game looks good for a Call of Duty game, but that's as far as it'll go. I'm not looking for good graphics anyway in CoD title, I never expect good graphics, but these ones don't disappoint, so don't be discouraged by the looks. Game has problems, that's for sure, but I feel like if they can improve on mouse movement, occasional FPS drops, stuttering, flinch and balance a few weapons, I'm sure this CoD can be worthwhile. Call of Duty Black Ops 3 definitely has a huge potential, and I can't wait to see what they'll do with it on the launch.
Upon completing game, you usually get that empty feeling inside if you complete a very good game. Well, Bioshock is a very good game, and a mustplay ofcourse for everyone who appreciates good story, characters, voiceover, and everything overall. First off, story is something amazing in this game, and the way it was written it-'s really well done and really makes you get into it more and as you progress, you seek for more answers, why is that, why are you really there and stuff like that. I won-'t spoil anything ( or I will try not to ) for anyone who may want to complete this game in future, but believe me, if you didn-'t complete it, shame on you, as much as it was embarassing on me. Game offers EVERYTHING in positive way. I loved characters, I loved voiceovers, and it-'s damn 10/10 game. For the time being, when the game came out, I think this game should-'ve been game of the year ( if it was, I don-'t remember exactly ). Anyway, definitly for anyone that hasn-'t yet play this game, I highly recommend. -What-'s different from a man, and a slave? A man chooses, a slave obeys- Now, would you kindly play this game?
Well, after reading few reviews regarding this game, frankly, I didn't have high expectations. Nor did I get them to be honest. Sniper Elite Nazi Zombie Army is a standalone version of a Sniper Elite v2, and as most of the games futuring zombies, this game is meant to be coop. It's way more interesting playing in 4 characters, rather than playing alone as game tends to get frustrating if you are playing it solo. The difficulties are hard, but what this game wants from you is to make tactic for each level that will determin on if you are gonna succeed or not. Of course, upon playing with your friends, the enemies are stronger, and you have to apply different attitude towards threats. Anyway, I would recommend this game if you have even one friend to play it with, but if you have more, it's always better. Sniper Elite Nazi Zombie Army is what I think Call of Duty Zombies mode should've been, with this fluid campaign.7/10
