I would just like to say, before I begin, that yes, I think this is the greatest game of all time. There is no other game in the entire universe, from now until the end of time that will compare to the greatness that is this game.You may say to yourself -My my, this is a big claim you-'re making. Exactly what is it about this game that makes it so great?-. Well, let me tell you a story.Back when I was 11 years old, I was at school (bear in mind it was a rural area too, so there was lots of fields and farm animals around). I was in class, staring out the window, distracting myself from the boring lessons I had to endure. Sometimes, I would stare out into the fields and sky, contemplating what it would feel like to be out there, totally free to run around as a goat. I often pretended I was a goat at home, when I was alone in my beadroom, running around in circles destroying all of my toys, video games and things in my closet. This felt like it was representing the urge to release myself from the house I was living in and roam around in nature with all the other animals.For about 10 years since then, I was told to suppress my urge to become a goat. My parents didn-'t want to continuously purchase new toys and games for me to play with (which in hindsight was fair enough too, considering they would break every time I acted like a goat), and during that time, I felt alone. No one was around to understand how I felt. The urge to run around completely naked as a goat, breaking everything, was all but a distant memory, a shadow of my former self that I regretted to have. For a time, I nearly forgot about doing it at all.That was until this game came along.I played it, and played and played it. It changed by life. All the old feelings and urges came flooding back to me as soon as I started licking cars as they drive by. The wrecking of people-'s houses reminding me of those times as a kid when I would do the same thing in my bedroom. It felt like the developers truly understood how I feel, after all these years searching for someone who had the same hopes and dreams as me.As a result of playing this game, I have now started organizing meetups at night for likeminded people, and we run on all fours throughout the night, around the fields near my old school amongst other goats. Luckily we can get away with making goat noises when we-'re surrounded by them. No one seems to notice, thankfully. I hope, at one point, we can run through our nearest city as goats at some point, even if it-'s in goat costumes.And that is why I think this is the greatest game of all time. If anyone at Coffee Stain Studios reads this, I am personally thanking you for becoming an inspiration for me to create the new -'Goaty-' fandom.Sincerely,Bob
Absolutely sensational.That is all.
