This game is a great third-person, button masher/beat-em-up, that includes many different, cleaver and satisfying puzzles to advance to different stages. These puzzles include the use of jumping/gliding, explosives, grappling hooks, slowing time and portals. The first part of the game you will be also doing a few cool arenas with different objectives such as aerial kills and protecting zombies.Bosses are really fun and have really cool mechanics, if you liked raiding it WoW I would defiantly recommend thisThere are only a few bad things I can say about this game. I found some with lots of crashing and buggy achievements/hand ins. You may also require a controller as it is a port.
This game is Amazing, I cannot express how much I love this game. I have completed it twice and thinking of doing it a third for the rest of my achievements. It is on my top 10 favourite games. BUY IT NOW!Without being biased it is an overall fantastic game. It combines addicting third person action gameplay with fantastic voice acting to make it a perfect comedy. I caught myself laughing out loud a few times (This is very hard to get me to do). Also, it has in my opinion one of the greatest soundtracks I have heard in a long time.It does have a story that carries on from the other two games, but you don’t need to know anything about the others to enjoy the third (I started out with Saints Row: The Third). This game, however doesn’t take itself seriously. This is what makes the game rather than breaks it.Some people however like to compare this to GTA, but in my opinion the only thing that is the same is the fact you can steal cars.9/10DLC - I recommend buying the Trouble With Clones And Gangstas In Space, these both add a great new storyline that will take a while to finish (The Genkibowl VII DLC only adds around 4 new activities and a few new costumes, I honestly wouldn’t recommend spending the extra money)The others however only add cosmetics/new weapons that don't really add much to the game.I completed the game and all achievements on 9/04/2015 with 93 hours played
Played this game as a kid and still love it!
