Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines.Long name, incredible game. Quite possibly the best game I have ever played. I have reached the final boss several times, but only finally got around to giving him his Final Death today. Taking around thirty hours, this is a game complete with an amazing story, interesting characters, cool powers, and the most legit vampire's I know of. The basic story begins with your 'embrace' - where you become a vampire - and continues as your rise in power and prestige, until you are causing the events, rather than reacting to them.Each of the nine clans you can choose from have different abilities. They could be considered classes, similar to other games, but they aren't usually wildly different. Most of the change is in the player models, and the powers - each clan getting two powers from a pool, and a third unique to their clan. But there are enough differences to make replaying a possibility. For example, the Nosferatu are hideous, and as such cannot seduce people for blood, and instead have to suck on rats in the sewers below the streets, while the Ventrue clan is the opposite - they cannot drink from rats due to their nobility. Another is clan Malkavian; each and every one of them is insane. Incredibly, they have 100% unique dialogue, opposed to other clans having a few lines or opportunities each, and can engage in some interesting tangents - such as having a conversation with the news reporter on TV.While the vanilla version is very buggy - due to the developers being rushed in their final stages - most of these issues can be resolves with the fan made Unofficial Patch, which is a must-get if you plan on playing. It's not the prettiest game either, with some pretty terrible animations at times, but all this is forgiveable in the face of such a wonderful experience. The game uses Valve's source engine (an earlier version of the engine Titanfall is built on), and was released on the same day as Half-Life 2; and though the models in the game are by no means of equal quality, they are attractive in their own way, and help nail the bleak, horror/noir atmosphere.If Firefly was a game, it would be this one. While the themes are not at all similar, it is the kind of game that when someone brings it up in conversation, or you read about it on the net, you pretty much have no choice but to reinstall and have another crack at it.10/10. I honestly cannot think of any way to improve it, other than give the devs more time to improve a couple of the cutscenes.tl;dr - V:TM-B is one of the best games ever. It is often on sale on Steam. buy it. Install the most recent Unofficial Patch. Enjoy the ♥♥♥♥ out of it.P.S. ♥♥♥♥ the haunted hotel. The game isn't all that scary (though some bits are somewhat disturbing), the hotel always gets me.
This team-based shooter is, simply put, brilliant. Commanding a team of up to three other soldiers, you must carefully progress through the reasonable length campaign taking your time and planning. Strategy is key, no run-and-gun to be found here.
