I think Magicka is probably the best mage-game out there. With its amazing sense of satirical humor, Magicka really does bring out out the laughs very often. The game also has an amazing blend of gameplay, music (which I must say is very good for most Paradox games), and graphics, which really is great for the environment, but especially for the Magicks. I think the only con for this game is the optimization, which makes the game run dreadfully on potatoes. And majorly, the bugs, probably the biggest downside to this game, makes some areas almost unplayable. However, the support from Paradox is very good and really puts the game up-the scale.
> logs in > get's totally ♥♥♥♥ed by some american ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥> death to america> keeps playing> gets rap*d> enjoys> gets gud> becomes imperialist american ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥> rip lyfe> edgy m3mes......buy this game?Graphics are cocaine, gameplay is heroin, weapons are weed, maps are meth, and players are lsd because they're ♥♥♥♥ing hard to find. Please buy this so I can indoctrinate you into my cult. ◉_◉Also the devs have a hilarious sense of humor (check the dev blog) and don't misrepresent their game too much.  #deathtoamerica 
I was doing some research on the game to write a more informed review, and came across a quote relating to Skyrim which also describes my feelings about Fallout 4 in a relatively accurate fashion - the game is  'as wide as an ocean, yet as deep as a puddle.' Let me unpack this for you - the size of this game and the density of activities in this space is astounding - I can walk for 5 minutes, and come across 3 or more activities or quests - a Super-mutant outpost, raiders, irradiated ghouls, etc. In this way the game is great value of money - if you enjoy this sort of repetitive activities, you could get hundreds of hours from this game. However the variety and general depth of these activites is limited; they are relatively similar. Now I'm going to go the traditional route of breaking my review down in terms of the seperate aspects of the game. Graphics  (6/9)I'm not a huge stickler for graphics - one of my favorite games of all time is Fallout 2 - I don't really care if the graphics don't hold up very well. The performance on my computer is fine, though I would recommend looking at a review where someone may have benchmarked the performance on specific systems for a more accurate summary. Audio / Music  (Hans Zimmer/10)You've probably heard about this - the theme is gorgeous, and music on the 'Diamond City Radio' station is quite nice, albeit repetitive and reasonably similar to the music from Fallout 3, though I enjoy it all the same. They added a lot of music - there are 35 songs in the Diamond City repertoire, as oppose to the 20 in Fallout 3. Plot / Story  (Spooky/666)The plot of the actual game is interesting, though the only really important choice you make being which faction you choose, which determines which one of 2 endings you get. For me this is where the game lacks - I wanted my choices as a character to make a difference. Sure the karma system in Fallout 3 (actions would give positive or negative karma, which would have reprecussions and impact the choices of dialogue and action available) wasn't perfect, but it was a hell of a lot better than what we have in this game. Another issue I have with the sidequests are the way in which they all involve nearly the same thing - you either shoot everyone / everything in the desired location, or you have high enough charisma to solve the situation - I have played around 20h (many offline) and haven't come across anything remotely different.  Gameplay  (meh/100)Relating to the aformentioned points, I think the only thing I have to talk about here is combat, settlement creation and dialogue, because that's it. Combat is great - for those expecting a solid open world shooter with RPG elements, this is for you. The guns feel great, and there are many, many of them with cool perks and a huge amount of modability. The fact that there is a nuke launcher is testament to this fact. Settlement building is meh - it's fun to do at first for a few hours, but it really leads nowhere. I was personally expecting some sort of diplomacy system between settlements, maybe some more inter-factional warfare with settlements breaking off and rebelling if you didn't take care of them adequately, but no. You build it, and you leave it...Lastly dialogue - it's already limited in terms of its impact on the narrative and generaly story through the lack of importance your choices have. This is increased by the way in which the dialogue options aren't descriptive - you may end up picking the wrong thing.  Final Remarks This game is great if you want an experience reasonably similar to Skyrim but with less depth in lore and more bombastic gameplay with cool guns that feel great. I personally feel like it is a devolution (if that's a word) from the previous Fallout games, though many who have not played those may enjoy it all the same.  Just play the Witcher 
I really enjoy this game! Simple, yet taxing to the brain, it really is a work of art. Through its vivid colors and music, the game gives every single different scene its own style and atmosphere. Often I just pause, and stare at the sunset, or the stars and admire the scene. Along with these admirable qualities, FEZ brings new and innovative ideas to the platforming and puzzle genres, which we will hopefully see in future games. Overall, this game gives a refreshing taste of the platformer and puzzle genres. In one sentence - FEZ really brings its pixels to life.
