this is actually a seriously badass game and would recommend it even if it was at cost, but its bloody FREE! although most of the in-game features such as new classes to play as, weapons to equip, cosmetics, etc requires actual purchase, but initially  you can choose between 3 base classes (each class is defined more or less by the 4 abilities its capable of using), a tactical class that uses abilities that effect the player themself, teleportation, decoys, etc, a second class that focuses all its abilities into offensive power, and a nuetral class that has some offensive and some supportive abilities, your first character is free but to get more classes you have to either buy them outright or find some -materials- and -components- to make them and then pay with an ingame currency that your earn from doing missions, its kind of rediculous and your just better off buying stuff, not to mention only some weapons and stuff can be bought with the in game currency, but the game itself is free, so i kind of balances out, and i guess this way you only pay for the things want, but overall you can still play the game to a full extent without paying a cent
A brilliant game, definately recommend it. When you first start playing things can seem a bit overwhelming and especially if you're playing online not everyone is forgiving towards new players, but its definately easier to complete jobs online than with bots offline. the only thing that was disappointing was that its alot more work to create custom masks than i feel its worth, you need any combination of 3 components to make one: material, pattern, and paint. and the only way to get anyone of these at a time is as a random drop at the end of each completed mission, but you also have the chance of getting bonus cash, bonus xp, or a weapon mod (mods that you have to pay ludicrous amounts for to then actually use anyway, so thats another thing), but overall its an exellent game and highly recomended. dont feel bad if you're a lpw level, it doesnt take long to level up online and doing more difficult jobs with higher level plays who can carry you through jobs.
Trained under Frieza as a Frieza-race, Wore Goku's Gi, got threatend by Frieza, then got hit on by Frieza.10/10 would emotionally conflict Frieza again.
bought it, love it. i invested in the nemesis bundle because i was afraid that i-'d get stuck with a lame default mech, but the fact of the matter is it doesnt matter what mech you use, you can still win. i wouldnt use the term -pay to win- but if you-'re willing to put in some cash it grants you quicker access to some weapons and perks than having to play for hours on end. the only thins you have to pay for are the cosmetics, everything that affects gameplay can be acheived by earning HC (Hawken Credits) which you get based more on play time than anything else, but you can increase the amount slightly by achieving a higher score in any given game mode. there is only one thing i think could be changed, i just feel like everythings a bit over priced when it comes to using the HC, its better than a lot of other games that have a dual currency system, but it could be better, especially since when you spend 3000 credits on a perk that only works on the mech you bought it for. Ultimately, i feel like the reward system is a bit harsh because you have to buy the same things multiple times if you want to use more than one mech, but other than that its a great game and i highly recommend it
a great game that lets you play highly tactically or just equip a devestating payload of offensive weapons and still come out on top, the class-bassed system strongly promotes team work, for example: on a number of missions you need a tech, if he dies you need to restart. Mission settings such as -onsluaght mode- makes things interesting in the sense that you can have it off and run through the missions as intended and take your time, or turn it on to penalize slow movement due to massive hoardes that... well swarm... you every minute whether you move or not. Vast types of aliens keeps you on your toes and its a game thats overall pretty simple to learn (also has offline practice that offers hints or for you to test different load outs which is fun), then if you havent played in a while you can get right back into it, just like riding a bike
single player is a bit limited, but a good internet connection can grant you endless multiplayer addiction
