Though it seems a poor framework game at the start, with a little tweaking, you are thrown into one of the most challenging and satisfying games you will ever play. Not for the faint hearted or those who give up easily, but those who like to smack giant demons around with weapons larger than your character and triumph over seemingly impossible odds. No other game cries out manmode like this one. This game cries out versatility in almost every aspect be it customizing your character, fighting style, appearance and even how you wish to play the game and progress. There are nearly no boundaries to stop you, only your skill and knowledge. Not to mention a fun pvp system that could be highly improved. 9.5/10 for offline play, a little less speculation of the story would be nice and a bit more concrete lore. 8/10 for pvp play. The online needs much more regulation to stop all the cheating. Otherwise, I would probably give it a 10. I haven't had this much fun duelling other players in a long time.
The game is so wrong that it's right and perfect. 11/10 casual fun.
Everything kills you in this game. Even invaders swinging at thin air across the room. 11/10
Get ready to clench your buttcheeks and weep as you watch your party members fall one by one in probably one of the most difficult but rewarding sidescrolling games to date. The harsh difficulty is often mixed with uplifting rewards and feelings of accomplishments as you delve ever deeper toward the Darkest dungeon to learn of the dark sins of your predecessor and redeem your family name. Although this game may still be in it's developing stage and many tweaks are yet to be had, I would definitely recommend it to anyone whom enjoys a difficult but fair challenge. P.S remember to bring a shovel!
What this game did right: PVE, interesting monster designs and creative landscapes in certain areas certainly had me entertained the first time played through.Fixed an abusable invading system against new players. Added much more variety to weapons, stancing armor etc. What the game didn't do right? Networking is ♥♥♥♥. I thought GFWL was bad, but it was nowhere NEAR this bad in some cases. Sure you get more summons, but even when I play with people in my own country, half the time they are teleporting around the place. Soul Memory. An interesting concept with honorable intentions, but it ruins the staying factor of any online rpg game. PVP. Threw an amalgam of bosses together with no real significance in story telling, nor do you feel any connection or significance to one another. What are hitboxes? Who the hell are half the characters, why are they even there outside of being a low scripted merchant? Do I recommend it? Yes, the first time played through is very interesting. Whether you linger is a different story altogether. This game is barely 2 months old and already over half the playerbase has left in contrast where the other souls games had the players staying for a good part of the year. To the people whom have never played a previous souls game, go for it. Have a blast! To the people whom are souls veterans and enjoyed the last 2 games, buy it with a grain of salt.
