Portal 2 is a very nice and cool sequal to the original Portal 1, this game has very mind bending puzzles, once you get used to it, you will start solving them.Portal 2 has a very intresting storyline, has it happens years after Portal 1, the entire labratory is broken and overgrown, after Chell had defeated GLaDOS, its a game where you play around with portals, and also much more mind bending then the original Portal 1. It introduces new test elements, and brings back old elements in combination, its also very adventurous once you get in the Old Aperture.It also has the Co-op mode, which allows you to play with a friend and solve puzzles together, it also has hats to wear on your Co-op bots you can find from having the hat in TF2 or buying them from the Portal 2 store! You can also buy some gestures to enhance your expirience and have more better emotion showing.Once you have completed coop and single player, You can go to the Perpetual Testing Initive, also PTI for short, it allows you to make your own tests using the test elements, such as ariel faith plates, excursion funnels, gels, and even turrets!The PTI has some very easy controls and you can subscribe to tests on the workshop to play them ingame! In my opinion, PTI is a much easier way to make tests than using Hammer, which is much more complicated to use.Portal 2 is a very fun game if you want to challenge your mind, laugh at the funny quotes, and explore the Aperture Science laboratories further then ever!
Garry's Mod is a game to play when your feeling sad or down, Its really nice to play it when you have Valve games installed, its nice to pose things and make things, like a flying car, a giant roller coaster, just about anything you can think, you can take screenshots to show off your skills or put something on the workshop to share with other people! Its also fun to play the multiplayer when your tired of singleplayer, in multiplayer, you can play with friends, play the gamemodes that people make, Or just mess around in the spawn menu! You can also make really funny poses and spawn in really silly stuff. Installing addons in the workshop is really nice if your making very professinal scenes or poses. Garry's Mod also has a really fun community with some very intresting achivements. If you would like to earn them.Remember! Your imagination... Is the limit!
This Portal 2 Mod has got to be one of the greatest things to exist on Steam.It had the smooth, unknown atmosphere which made it seem like you dont know what will happen to you or the environment around you, the detail put into this was just amazing.Portal Stories: Mel had also kept the challenging atmosphere from Portal 2 making you think harder and also making you think twice before you solve a test chamber. The soundtrack was also brilliant and amazing and fits in perfectly with the style of the test.The achivements are a reason why you gotta keep coming back to this. I gotta say some of the achivements are challenging and worth it too!Virgil was a very funny sidekick to have around, he was pretty genius but at the same time, pretty stupid and hilarious. Aegis was a very cool villan to have, but however his over-all design in the boss battle didnt look very good.If I had to recommend this, I definitly would do so! Its really good and worth waiting for the hours to pass so it can download!~PotatOS :citranium:
Goat Simulator is a game to play when you feel destructive, you take the role as a goat and just..Mess everything up and knock over stuff and just be destructive.You can headbutt people, use your tounge on them and even more fun.It has millions and millions of glitches which make you laugh, like how you walk up against a wall and your neck stretches like crazy.This game is worth the $10 if you really wanted to have fun, it will soon have multiplayer so I can see how chaotic that will be....XDJust play this game.Now.Just do it11/10
Team Fortress 2, or as its players call it:-TF2- is a really fun game developed by Valve, which was made as a sequal to Team Fortress Classic. And used to run on the Quake engine, now it runs on Source. If your looking for a FPS war game, Team Fortress 2 will be your best choice as it has 8 different gamemodes, alot of cool weapons and most importantly, hats!Most people call TF2 a -Hat Simulator- due to the amount of people wanting them and having them, I reccomend you stick away from those people and only wear hats to stay in the crowd, I reccomend you wanting weapons instead of hats.TF2 has some nice updates and is very fun.Thanks for reading.Alija.
