Oh my god, this game is too perfect.You're a martial arts, Jedi back-flipping ninja-esque Chuck Norris badass pig. That sums it up pretty well. You fight waves of weapon-wielding-wolves, all out for your blood. Why? Who knows? Who cares? All you need to know is that only one can survive. And that's you because you're a ninja pig.The game never gets boring, really. I've played 16 hours so far and I haven't gotten bored. Iron Snout + Star Wars soundtrack = win. Not only that, it's so easy to pick up. The art style is both cute and amazingly badass. Also, I can introduce my little bro to it with the Kid-Friendly setting. The developer needs a high-five and someone needs to shout them a coffee. Actually, I'll do it. I love this game.I spend a lot of time sifting through Steam for good games. I didn't have to spend long this time, because I found this little beauty. Thank you so much for putting in the time to make this hilariously intense game. Never thought I'd find myself ragequitting over it.
Well, the paid mods are no more. The community spoke their opinion and Valve answered to it the way we could only have hoped for. Peace, in some form, has been achieved.This game is brilliant and even better is it's community. Never have I seen people with little connections band together to save a game from extinction.Will I return to Skyrim? Heck yeah! It's probably my favourite game in my Library. I don't think it'll be the same as it was, but I can't wait to head back to the frozen tundras and slay a few bandits.Thank you all for saving this game. Now let's get this game back to the rating it deserves!
SKIP TO BOTTOM IF LOOKING FOR CONDENSED/FINAL REVIEWBroforce is a fun, arcade side scrolling game developed by Free Lives. It was highly sucessful after it's release in 2014. The game is a throwback to action movies from the 1980s, through it's over-the-top action and intense gameplay. The game seems simple in design at first, but after playing for a while, you pick up on the attention to detail that makes this game such a gem.The controls are simple as well, making it easy to pick up and play. The game runs smoothly and you really feel like a movie hero, slicing and dicing through hoards of no name grunts. As the game goes on, both the game itself and the player made maps (which I'll cover in a moment) add a level of challenge, keeping the game fresh.As well as the pre-made maps the game comes with, it also has a built in map editor where players can create their own maps to share on the Steam workshop. By being able to share maps, the game maintains a level of mystery. Some maps are made to be played with a somewhat stealthy playstyle by using tunnels and multiple routes and ways to complete maps, whereas others encourage you to go all out, guns blazing, and blow as much stuff up as you can!In my opinion, the game is best played in co-op. As much fun as it is to run around as MacGyver or Chuck Norris on your own, having a buddy along for the ride just adds to the hilarity that ensues when you play a map or two... or three... five... The only downside I find to the game was that I just burned myself out. I was having so much fun planting explosives and hip firing that I would just play... and play. The game loses it's appeal after a while. This is not a game you'll sit down and play for hours to level up your character, or build that new house, or go on that raid. This game is purely for the fun aspect. Apart from that there's a total lack of story, but eh. EXPLOSIONS!!!!Final Ratings:Graphis: As a throw back to the retro, the graphics breathe life into the old style of game design. They're not next gen, but they're sure as hell prettier :P. Also runs better than next gen.Gameplay: Broforce is fast paced and over the top. It doesn't have deep game mechanics, but I think we all love a bit of shoot-em-up.Story: What story?End result: I give Broforce a solid 7.5 outta teyyan.
Western Front, 1915.I crawled through the mud, my rifle held in front of me, finger on the trigger. Mortar shots drowned out my voice as I yelled to my squad to follow me. My face was unrecogniseable from the blood and dirt that covered it as I made my way across the treacherous No-Man's Land.We had been fighting for years now, more than I'd like to count. The war had taken it's toll on both sides and sent home many dead men. Now, this dead, grey field we had been fighting over was nearly ours. I don't know why we want it, I just know we do and that's good enough for me.The enemy trench lay ahead, manned by crack German soldiers. They'd been fighting just as long as we had, and were just as desperate, if not more, as we were to go home. I took cover behind a rock that was just big enough to protect me as more shots flew across the cold, muddy battlefield. I rested my rifle on one of the rocks and took aim at a German soldier. I squeezed the trigger and he fell dead. I lined up another and fired, killing another. One poked his head above the trench, and he too fell victim to my Lee Enfield.My men had caught up with me now, and my second-in-command fell down into the dirt next to me. The enemy was outnumbered now, and we were ready to push up. I spared my SOC a reassuring glance, pushed up out of the dirt, and charged the enemy, bayonet fixed. Everyhting seemed to go into slow-motion as I ran across the barren wasteland. I saw the enemy facing me, but I pressed up. It was too late to turn back. My men were beginning to follow now, inspired by brave charge in the face of the enemy.An enemy rifleman saw me as I neared the trench. He panicked, raised his rifle to his shoulder and squeezed the trigger. The bullet flew from his rifle and hit me square in the chest. My legs gave out from underneath me, sending me face-first into the mud.I was found not long after, rifle still in my hands, dead.Field Records of Corporal Julian, 1st Australian Company.
Ah, Planetside 2. One of my favourite games of all time. Despite the fact Steam says I-'ve played 110 hours or so, I first played the game from the SOE website, and I got maybe 250 hours from that, so I-'ve played  roughly 360 hours of Planetside 2.After racking up this much time in game, I thought it neccessary to write a review. First comes the crucial first minutes. Back then the tutorial was unheard of, so you were thrown head first into combat with no more than a pat on the back and a thumbs up. I dropped in and ran for cover.Within seconds I was being shot at. I joined up with a squad and eventually got the hang of the game. I quite quickly began to understand the controls so it wasn-'t as rough as it is on some other players.After purchasing a few new weapons and practising, I was right in battle with the best of them. I also met some really good friends who I still jump in with to this day.All in all, quite an entertaining experience. Now we move on to the pros and cons.Pros:+Fast paced yet tacticle combat+Variety+Friendly yet competetive community+-Fair- for new players+Literal hours and hours of fun+Not play to win or play to playCons:-Steep learning curve-Difficult for new players to get the hang of (prepare to die over and over)-Very straining on computersIt could sound quite biased and I know there are things I-'ll have missed but I still think PS2 is a great game for everyone, be you a fan of FPS games or not18.7/10
10/10 would slice and dice again
