This was my first MMOFPS and i loved every second of it. A high recommendation for those who like large battles on moderately-large scales.
Just like Counter Strike but F2P, plusit runs on the -Source- engine
If you want an FPS on a large scale than this is the game. its not dozens v dozens, it thousands v thousands. With a class for nearly everyone's play style, a high recommendation for this game.
Dis iz teh best gaem on Stema, nd u shud get itBefore I start, I realise this game is meant to be a joke in of itself, but it doesn-'t even accomplish that...But seriously, no. No you really shouldn-'t get this. This game is a waste of money, and a waste of time. Before we go into what this -game- entails, let-'s get some preliminary stuff out of the way. To start with, it has had hundreds, if not thousands of complaints about trojans and malicious software being installed once you install it. I encountered such a problem myself, with a trojan warning appearing on my screen. After running an anti-virus scan I discovered that the -game- had installed a rather dodgy-sounding file into my Win32. The developers claim that these are all -false-positive reports- but it-'s much safer to not take any chances. They also attempted to show evidence that this was the case, however they used Sourceforge.net, and it has been noted that this particular site has been slipping some shady files onto users-' computers. First negative down, many to go....To be blunt, the gameplay in this is plain  horrible , and it should have never left Greenlight. Whenever text-based adventure is mentioned, nearly everyone thinks of Zork. Zork is much, much, much better. The options for gameplay are so linear and unimaginative it really is a wonder why the developers even thought of trying to make this. Aside from the gameplay being rubbish, the amount of dead memes and things that 12 year olds would laugh at are more than abbundant, with nearly every gameplay option containing something akin to masturbating/masturbation. At the end of each stage there is an option to continue, so being optimistic I thought -Maybe this is just a joke, and there might actually be something worthwhile-.... Boy was I wrong. Each level is set in a different location, but is nearly always a rehash of the last. Needless to say, I stopped quite soon afterwards.Pros: - - - Need I go on?Cons: Installs a trojan Boring, linear -gameplay- Dead memes Overused jokes about masturbation TL;DR Don-'t waste your money on a trojan and some disappointment 
17/05/15Well, for a game with about 5 minutes of content and no storyline, it actually comes across as a very well structured and thought through game.Here's how it goes: You launch it and get given a snippet based on the character you choose. To start with, you play as a middle-aged man with a job in an office. Next you are an elderly man following the same route that your younger self did, only a little bit differently. Finally you play as a young boy. What's interesting is that the boy's snippet is the most different out of the three. While it didn't bring a tear to my eye, it certainly made me think of how peoples lives change as they grow up. Do yourself a favour and try it. Don't like the game? You've only lost five minutes of your life so no big deal, but I reckon you're foolish to say it didn't at least make you think on it.Pros:+Excellent story (or lack there of, it's your choice)Cons:-The camera movement feels a bit sluggish-Lack of content currently (as it is Early Access, expect this to change)
Step 1: DownloadStep 2: Get good with every gunStep 3: Laugh when people accuse you of hacking when you are just better than themStep 4: Profit
Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Phantoms is, in every sense, a game you have to be patient with. Unlike me, you need to spend A LOT of money to get at least semi-decent guns and be able to go and enjoy yourself.Pros:1. Good focus on team play2. Fluid movementCons:1. Pay-to-win game2. Weapon recoil is unrealistic for (supposedly) trained soldiers3. Unless you invest all of your time into one class and then one gun, you will not be able to go anywhere in this game4. Abilities can give you an unfair disadvantage if you're on the other side of them5. (In my case specifically) The game doesn't close properly and takes a long time just to get around that6. LMG's and Sniper Rifles are overpowered and take very little skill to use7. Respawning is a long way away from the battle, meaning that you rush from the other side of the map only to be killed as    you get to the objective8. Hitting the broadside of a barn with a shotgun is very possible as shotguns are effective upto a certain range and then    buckshot literally can go in all directions9. Getting kills and playing the objective provides very little reward10. Head glitching is another problem (as it is with most shooters)I could continue but I'll let you find them yourselves. 2/10
Now for myself and many other gamers, Wolfenstein has a special place in our hearts. It was the first FPS game I played and loved thoroughly, back when it was on floppy disk and your computer screen was tiny and your computer managed little more than 512MB of RAM. The way you picked up weapons with universal ammo. Ah, the nostalgia is real. The way th pixels moved. The enemies that actually shot at you and gave you something to do with that Luger that only had 8 rounds in this castle that you don-'t know how you got into. Then you cleared the first level and made your way through to find a secret room with... DUN DU DU DUH! An MP40! With your newly found weapon you blaze through the Nazis faster than before and finish the second level. You enter the third floor and think -OK. more of the same: Nazi-'s and German Shepards. This will be a cake walk-. Well, you-'re right but then with your will to find secret rooms you uncover one and inside....... A CHAINGUN! You look down and see the devilish face the character gives and you finish the level even faster. Just buy it. It was the best buck forty I-'ve ever spent!
