It actually runs well now.
How to not die from a falling off a ledge.Spam spacebar just as you're about to hit the ground to roll and take less or no damage at all.You're welcome.
The type of game you don't want to play to relief stress.
Guys, this is how we should do it...wait for 1-2 weeks for patches (hopefully)..then do reviews instead of countless complain reviews about the performance. We have enough of those already, and any more isn't going to help.Terrible performance btw...EDIT: After tweaking with the graphic settings, i managed to run the game at 30-40fps on high settings at 900p...playable but not what i wanted :(If you ignore the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimization (which will be fixed hopefully >_<) and some minor bugs, the game is really fun and after trying the co-op missions with some random people, I think its safe to say that this is a great game, only to be brought down by framerate issues and bugs. Overall i would recommend it after some patches.EDIT: Have no problems after patch 4 and am enjoying this fkin game to the fullest :DFURTHER EDIT: Upgrade to windows 10 brought rapid crashes
THE FEELS..... Can't wait for the sequel!
Get's repetitive after awhile. Solid combat and gore. Stay away until further developed.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IBw4VDXHrnY
When I purchased this game during the alpha stages for fun, I expected nothing, and I was left disappointed in the alpha.Now, it is fully released and I replayed it again, It is indeed one of the better indie games i've played.If you're planning to play this game, I recommend you click 'J' in-game and read about spell crafting.Without the knowledge about the crafting system, you will get bored and eventually just quit.The levels are VERY linear, putting you through corridors every level. After awhile, it will get boring...IF you dont understand the crafting system. What kept me addicted and playing is the fact that after every boss fight, I find a new spell (sigil). Since I failed to find information about the other spells on the internet, (no one posted anything...weird) I was excited and tempted to find out what exciting spell i will get next. One complaint i have is that some bosses are too cheap. They can 2 hit you or something.7/10P.S- ♥♥♥♥ Delirium (no idea how it works, pretty much useless)
They added the 'walk-away animation' and fixed all fps problems for me.Game's good just poor port but ITS FIXED NOW SO RECOMMEND THIS GAME AND CHANGE YOUR REVIEWS. (or not)
First off, before playing this game, I'd like to recommend playing Bioshock 1 first to completely grasp the story and get dem goosebumps....anyways, this is one of the best games I have ever played. The music, story,  voice acting, are absolutely fantastic.I do not actually find the combat terrible, or even annoying. After getting completely mind blown in Bioshock infinite, get the season pass for Burial at Sea: episode 1 & 2 to completely wrap up the story. DO IT NOW (9.8/10)P.S You're missing a LOT if you dont play this game...it is one of the best experiences I have ever got. RECOMMENDED
