I purchased this game back when it had the $40 price tag. The game looked like it had amazing potential, and it had land sharks. LAND SHARKS. I also really loved the passion and love the devs have for this game -  it's almost inappropriate. I wanted to support that passion and see this game made. But here we are, no closer to it being a reality, and while I feel bad for the devs, I feel worse for the player base who are clinging on to the hopes this may ever be finished or a full game. At this point, some honesty from the devs probably is due. Are we hanging on for nothing?
What the ♥♥♥♥ do console plebs know about games? This is a heinous console port and that is probably all you need to know to avoid it. But if you're still curious:This guy moves like a mongoloid. Faceplants from cardboard boxes and is critcally indecisive on fences when being cannoed at by helicopter. ALL THE DEATHS WERE DESEVRED AND I WISH THEY WERE REAL. I HATE THIS GUY.
Potato; COLON MARNIES is a terrible game. Okay, it's not terrible terrible, but short and potatoy terrible. And wrong. And ♥♥♥♥♥ shakey. And 'McMurrica. You know. You know what kind of game this is. It'll make you sad. Thanks, Gearbawx.
With much trepidation I decided to replay this for the first time in 16 years. I thought this game might suffer viciously with time, dreading that all my very fond memories of this game were about to be destroyed. Would that amazing story hold up? Would I get immersed again? Apart from the graphics (you could have done a little prettying up, SE!) the game is still brilliant. It's lost nothing with time, and everything is as I remembered and loved. Warm fuzzy feels included.If you haven't played this game you should. This is what a game with a proper, involved and well told story is like. This is what gaming used to be. If you have played it but are nervous about all your good memories of this game being annihilated, stop being a ♥♥♥♥♥ and play it. It won't break your memories. Embrace the nostalgia.
