Don't use a controller, that way you have less to throw at your computer.
Why So Evil 2: Dystopia adds a few new mechanics from the first game, but overall makes the game so much less rewarding, and more frustrating. One of these new mechanics is changing the colour of your cube to the colour of the corresponding platform you are trying to move onto. Sure this isn-'t a bad idea, but combined with horrid, unresponsive controls, and this game is truly flawed. When you have to be super ninja fast about changing the colour of the cube to the platforms or they fall, the game fails to respond in time, horrible. The levels themselves are usually uninventive and ugly, and the soundtrack is the last thing they need. Especially the -shutdown initiated- every time you fall, WTF? Sure this game is challenging, but the overall game is just executed so badly that this challenge is not worth it. If its on sale and you want a game you-'ll play for 15 minutes before you ragequit, then sure. Otherwise, 5 bucks cannot be justified with what this game delivers, stay the hell away.
This game is no question, my favourite game of all time, in the universe. And it-'s easily, the best Team Based shooter, ever to be created. Will you enjoy it? Don-'t let me be the judge of that, this game is 100% FREE. Go ahead, download it and try it out for yourself! Hate this game because the graphics are -unrealistic-? To me, that-'s why it’s so lovable, and contributes to why its survived for so long. Micro-transactions from the Mann Co. Store aren-'t necessary, and items like Hats, Australuims, Unusuals etc- aren-'t needed to be good at TF2. I-'m not to dis trading however, it-'s something you can use to your advantage and profit hundreds, if not thousands of dollars, I certainly have! And you can utilize the Steam Community Market to get Funds when you need -'em.
I was going to write a review for this game, but I am still trying to open the fridge door.
Fast paced, addictive and rage inducing. Smashing up your pc in a rage quit is guaranteed. But atleast you'll be doing it to awesome music.Worth it.
Why So Evil is a puzzle game that claims to be very, very, very hard. In this game there are no checkpoints, no saving, and no fun. The controls aren't the worst but can be blisteringly frustrating on some levels. The aim is to navigate a cube thing through fifty uninventive levels to get to the other cube thing. Some levels have some pretty cool ideas. but most are just really frustrating, or really dumb. This game is alright for the dirt sale price, but otherwise stay the hell away. After half an hour of playing this, the uninstall was well worth it.
One of steam's very finest. :3
Why did I get this again? I don't know...
Simple yet challenging and fun. For the money the gameplay is decent.
