 THE GAME Ampu-Tea OVERIEW OF THE REVIEW Another 'simulator' game trying to riding the coat tails of Surgeon Simulator. This game is tea-dious, frustra-tea-ing, and lacks quali-tea. WHAT IT'S ABOUT Ampu-Tea is a Surgeon Simulator inspired game where you are an amputee fitted with a robotic arm and are tasked with making a cup of tea. In the style of SS, you control your robo-hand to attempt assembling different kinds of teas with the mouse and keyboard. The silly control style provides a challenge to this otherwise simple task and it will test your patience and eventually lead to some chaos. MY EXPERIENCE PLAYING THIS GAME Honestly, this game was a disappointment, and I wasn't even expecting anything from it. My experience playing this game was mostly frustration, thanks to the awful controls and mechanics.There is no grip to pick up anything, so I had to rely on pushing things across the table with the hand and trying to balance cup handles around the fingers. Speaking of the fingers, grabbing with them is incredibly slow and insensitive, along with the hand rotation. It took me half an hour of messing around just to make one cup of tea because of how fragile the mugs are, how easy it is to knock the shelf off the table, the painful journey of moving the cup from each station, and how easy it is to break the arm itself.There is little variety in what types of drinks you can make, and no story or real motivation to make them except for a sticky note. The game description mentions being the son of an Earl, but I found no connection to that in the game. The achievements are (despite the shocking controls) fairly easy to get, minus the one for opening the game 500 times which I did not have the patience for. There are trading cards, but I uninstalled the game before I had enough game time to collect them.The only highlight I managed to draw from this game was being able to flip the table in rage. That's about it. I wish I had more to say. SUMMARY AND RECOMMENDATION In short, Ampu-Tea relies on the 'joke game' factor and being a silly game for YouTubers to play. There are no outstanding features in this game besides being pointlessly difficult and having more 'Keep Calm's and 'EPIC FAIL's than is socially acceptable. It is not worth the $4.99 price tag, but if you really want to play it, wait for it to hit 90% off  on a sale at $0.49. I personally did not enjoy this game and I would not recommend it.
