Mount and Blade: Warband is one of the most addictive on the Steam cilent you can get, Yeah it maybe rough around the edges (aka the graphics) but at it-'s core contains so much charm. The game is based on a medieval contient in which you-'re thrown in to do, well, whatever you want really. Become a king of the land, a loyal vassel, a peaceful merchent, a traditor, and more. It-'s truly open-ended with you choosing the story that you want for it. The game also contains one of the best combat systems with sword fighting in awhile. It-'s simple with it-'s up, down, left, right fighting system but laborious to master. Timing your attacks and blocks in the exact right order as you predict your enemey movements is not as easy as you think. Now, onto my favourite part of the game, the modding. The modding is extremely talented and large. With anything you could think of. Romans, check. Samurai, check. The First World War, also check. Greco-Prussian Wars, check and so much more. Also, the mulitplayer is damn fun with a large varity of gamemodes that will have you hacking and slashing other players for hours on end as well as a pretty freindly playerbase. Now, time for the cons that I came across while playing this game. The first, you may notice, is the ♥♥♥♥♥ graphics. Another thing is a lack of a proper tutorial and due to how wide and expansive this game can be, it is kind of requried so players would know what to do a bit more. And lastly, the quests, dear god aren-'t they basic. It-'s literally -go kill that guy-, -save this town from bandits-, etc. It-'s truly something that annoys the hell out of me. And other than that, I can-'t think of no real issues (well besides the mentally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI but that can be fixed with the Brainy Bots mod)PROS-Amazing Combat System-Great Modding Community-Open-Ended-Addictive-Great Mutiplayer-ReplayabiltyCONS-Graphics-No real tutorial-Repetitve and boring quests-Annoying and stupid AIOverall score for this game is a 8.5/10. One of the better games I have played but it-'s still flawed and can use improvement that will hopefully be in Bannerlord.
Droped an atomic bomb on Mahatma Gandhi.10/10
Finally a game just as depressing as real life   10/10 Would be forever alone again
Geometry Dash is one of those games that I love but also broke my desk from punching it so many ♥♥♥♥ing times DUE TO HOW MUCH OF A ♥♥♥♥♥ IT CAN ♥♥♥♥ING BE10/10
Brexit Simulator 2016
This game really does hate you ;-; 11/10
