First FMV game! i've got to say, this has really opened me up to this new genre in gaming and this certainly wont be my last FMV game. 3 hours into this and Telsa Effect makes me want to buy the previous games before it just to 'see how it was' back in the day. If this is your first FMV game, buy this.
This game makes you question everything: 'Is there a god?- , -Does God exist-, -What is my purpose?-, -Am I just having a bad trip?-, the more you play this game the more you question your very existance and why you-'re even alive at all as you struggle with the impossible puzzles in the middle of it all. Right of the bat, I got this game because of the level design, but thats not the only thing worth mentioning about it. The voice acting is also on point. Graphics was good for its time and cant even run full max on my 3k gaming pc (SeemsGood). So TLR: If you-'re asking the big question then this is the game to answer it (or partly answer it (At least for me)). 
Sure it might not be a good PC port, and it might have a few bugs also. But fallout 4 is simply outstanding, you can see they put allot of effort into the map itself, weapons, armor, ect. If you looking for a good game to play on your computer, buy fallout 4.  9/10. thx
Simply amazing, 10/10.
This is one of the best Full Motion Video game I've played. Throughout the entire game I was immersed in Inspector Jenks shoes, tasked with one job: finding out what actually happened.There were however, points in the game that glitched out for me and it took a bit of that immersion away. Overall, if you're new to the FMV genre then buy this, you won't regret it.
I came into Moirai thinking it was going to be some crazy 'maze scary, jumpscare' game with a generic sprite following you around with screams in the background. But, what I got was something even more interesting. Just like the previous reviews have said about this game;The less you know the better...
One of the most influential games i've played in my entire life. This is one of the games that inspired me to get into Games Level Design.
GOOD HUNGRY JACK GAME
gg life
Very good game, Great graphics and a belivable story line. Ai might be stupid, by its like far cry 3 x10 better, with the graphics of bf3 (almost).
