Even though this game is over 4 years old it still holds up as being one of, if not THE best zombie game on the market. It's not only fun playing single player but it's hilarious when you can get three more friends to join in the zombie killing.There's of course the standard Easy - Hard difficulities (Here being Easy, Medium, Advanced and Expert). So if you're looking for some mindless slaughtering to do you can put it on easy or if you and your friends is a tatical squad preparing for the zombie apacolypse this is a great way to start!Also you don't have to play the first game to get into this one, all the maps and more from the first game is in this one. Even if you want to play oldschool there is a mode for that. Speaking of modes, there's Versus mode which is exactly what it sounds like, you control both the infected and the survivors in rounds. The one who ends the final map with the most points win. There is also a realism version of this mode which means the survivers can't see the green/orange/red glow around them as they used to.There's also Survival which is aslo what it sounds like. Survive for X amount of time and you get bronze, silver or a gold medal depending on the requirments for the map you're playing.Scavanger is the last major gamemode, here you play as survivor and infected and the objective is to fill a generator with gas. Who wins depends on which team's the fastest.Then, finally, there's something called mutation. These are pretty much fun little mini modes. For example you have to try and survive an entire campaign on your own, you and all your teamates have katanas and can't get other weapons, you need to carry around a lawngnome to win etc.
Don't bother. The Online Mode is the only decent thing about the game and even then, it's technically pay to win to be able to get the good stuff. Just go buy a different game with your money. Don't learn the hard way.
Great game, Beautiful artwork and a true game to its sequel.. Just.. Buy the game already >_<
