A great game that successfully utilises teamwork. There is no lone-wolfing here, as it most certainly will lead to constant dying. You will come across epic scenes such as charges with full platoons towards bunkers and trenches while machine guns rake the battlefield. 9/10.
Great game. This offers a challenging spin on the zombie games, forcing you to work with up to 7 other players (8 per game). You will need your wits about you to succeed in this game, as you can quite easily be swarmed by zombies, and ammo and weapons are scarce. 8.5/10
Good game. Has two diverse teams (Kharaa or the Frontiersman), offers the choice of fighting the opposing team as either an FPS or an RTS. Has challenging gameplay, with multiple weapons and armours to suit your playstyle, as either a large mech suit, to a lowly scout soldier armed with mines. 8.5/10
Great game. Has lots of well-made maps, customisable characters and content, challenges, and more. 8/10
Awesome game, with decent graphics, very nice gameplay, a large roster of weaponry and diverse classes. 9/10
A great game, featuring a grappling hook for getting to hard to reach places, tons of weapons, destructible buildings and objects, and driveable vehicles. 7/10
Avoid this game at all costs! This bug-filled game has bad gameplay, hacker community, bad customer support, few international servers and lots of glitchs. 2/10
A good game, with very fluent gameplay, and mutliple classes to suit any player. Constant updates and support help to keep the game running smooth, with a very nice and helpful community. 8.5/10
This game is one of the best I have played, allowing you to explore many places in multiple environments. A good game with a good story, it will keep you enthralled for days. Overall, I give it a 9/10
This game is a waste of your money. This is what you would get if someone made a poorly made version of a total war game. There are also no multiplayer features other than a playing with a friend over a LAN network. I thought it was really disappointing. I give it 2.5/10.
