Short but sweet. The game can be finished in one sitting, but it's a cool experience. I can't say it was amazing but it's definitely worth a few bucks if it's on sale. It reminds me a lot of Papo & Yo, so I recommend it if you like games like that, or even games like Limbo or Thomas Was Alone.
Chivalry is the kind of game that is fairly easy to jump into, but has a lot more to it than you-'d think.First, I-'ll just describe it for you and then I-'ll share my thoughts on the game:It-'s essentially a online multiplayer-only FPS with swords instead of guns. It-'s a class-based game, with 4 classes to choose from. There are various gamemodes which you-'ll recognise if you-'ve ever played games like TF2 or COD before. There-'s team objective mode, free-for-all, team deathmatch and last team standing modes, among others. Team Objective mode plays similarly to the payload or capture-the-point modes in TF2 in the sense that you run forward from your spawn, complete objective A, then your spawn moves forward, then you do objective B, etc.Servers generally have a player limit of 32 players, 16 to each team, and the playerbase is quite large so you-'ll never have problems finding a server to join. There are plenty of -low-level- servers as well if you want a more noob-friendly place to play.The actual mechanics are very straightforward. Fights consist of hacking and slashing at your enemy, parrying/blocking his attacks and trying not to die first. Or you can be an archer and pick them off from a distance. You can discover all the basic combat mechanics within a couple hours of playing because of how simple it is.Let me just say this right now: you WILL die a lot at first and you will probably want to give up. There are players who have played for thousands of hours who will kill you over and over, leaving you frusrated and ready to ragequit.Chivalry is the kind of game you can sink hours and hours into but never really -master-. The mechanics are simple, yes, but it takes a lot of time to understand how to play well. There are only a few different types of attacks and the weapons all have the same basic mechanics to them, but it takes a lot of time to get a feel for when to start an attack, when to hold back, when to parry, etc. If you push through it, the game becomes very enjoyable.I hope that gives you a basic idea of what the game is about. Now I-'ll put some of my own thoughts out:As of writing this, I have played over 1000 hours over a span about a year and a half, and I don-'t regret it at all. It-'s one of the only games I don-'t think I will ever truly stop playing. The community is great, the combat never really gets old, and even after all this time I can-'t say I-'ve gotten sick of it.I can-'t say the game is 100% perfect though. The fact that the mechanics are so basic means that fighting higher-level players often boils down to who knows the most exploits. Any swing of a weapon can be parried to do no damage at all, and once you know how to parry the only way you can be hit is by luck, or you somehow screw it up, or the other persons feints to trick you into parrying early, but you can even learn to spot when someone is going to feint, so fighting can just end up swing, parry, swing, parry, swing, parry, etc, until one person slips up. This kind of combat doesn-'t rely on skill, it relies on one person misclicking and screwing up.But that being said, even after >1000 hours of play-time I can-'t say I-'ve really mastered the game. There are heaps of little tricks that people use to break away from the boring -swing, parry, swing, parry- combat which I-'ll probably never get the hang of, and it keeps me on edge whenever I-'m playing.So would I reccommend this game? Definitely. For all the hours I-'ve spent (and enjoyed), It was definitely worth the ~$5 I paid for it when it was on sale one weekend. I-'d probably have paid $50 or so if I-'d known how good it was. Look up some videos on the internet of the kind of hijinks you get can up to and you-'ll see what I mean by how much fun you can have in this game.
