If u are one with the people who actually love hardwork paying off this does realy pay off. though I never played the 1st game I think this game is infuses me like drugs (not that I use those) Just make sure for people to know that there are doing and what they know is shown on the level of the player I mean how can this game get any better?
I love dota but for the fact that it has been deleted in my pc is really annoying pls fix this problem Ive been downloading dota for my 3rd time now and its not funny anymore. ty valve
Hey there game devs and reviewers alike I would just like to thanks some of the people who actually put a great amount of effort to this game and just hoping that we would see this game strive:My thoughts are:I would Recommend this game for the rts users with an average grade of 7.5/10. I know what your thinking this number seems to be about lets say a moderate to low grade but for a game with potential I would give a try to buy it but, all these stuff you need to buy are just not worth that extra money. We paid 16-25 dollars for these last years in steam in a game with in game purchases honestly I would pass. Im not saying your game is bad but your game has the potential for a 16-25 dollar game in steam we just need the in game purchases to be cheaper or even better dissapear. Sadly games like these are most likely to dissapear from us yet cease to find those GOOD moments in these games. I just wish people-'s thoughts on this game would actually be changed cus once a game is nice towards them it would be ongoing. unlike those games where we dont actually look inside that light in their comments. All in all this game is in a  gamble decision whether to continue these in game purchases and bugs but please remember the price is in the quality of the game we actually buy I hope you game devs find it in your heart that these games should be  relativlty worth its price. Who knows these game devs look up to comments like this and in the future these people have the mids touch (dota preference) Thank you whomever reads this review and have a nice day-
I would give 8.5/10 BraiiiiinssssMy thoughts are:-I would just hope of improvement of graphics and fix and customization of a hud and a custom character select screen if ever nescecary to perform but props to game devs on the gameplay itself. Highly recommended and hoping to be out As soon as possible. For those comments saying who dont reccomend the game might have a few bugs and fixes here and there I just hope the movement of the game would be a good one cus the efforts are worthwhile after right? the fact is that you guys give all the possibilities there are in a free to play game are just awesome. All it needs are a good crew to help develope and a good attitude avoiding haters and focusing on the these mistake people will give here and there hence all in all a good worth to download free to play game-
