It's unfortunate that I must rate this game negatively because I had such hopes for this cute little title. However ... it's a game designed to be played online, with friends against other player, etc ... but with a very poorly coded server and constant conection problems ... it's a title that is only suitable to be played Solo. This is not what it was made for ... but it's the only way you will be able to play a stable match. If they fix this serious server issue, which MANY people are suffering from and have a decent server which does not kick 66% of players off every 5 minutes ... then ... it might be fun online. But for now ... it's a free SOLO game.
-Starbound- is a relatively easy to learn, Terraria / Minecraft styled, 2D side, building game. If you-'re a fan of either of these titles, then this should definitely be on your list.Unlike Terraria or Minecraft however, it feels more like a game that has a plot and creates a desire to continue and develop that is otherwise absent in the previously mentioned titles. Minecraft (Vanilla) for instance, has it-'s good points (it-'s huge Modification base being a big plus), but it-'s lack of tutorial and strong desire to complete the game lead many players into the deadly cycle of explore, build impenetrable fortress, get bored, explore...Starbound is not without flaw however. It-'s still very much in development, so ignoring bugs and graphics issues, there is a huge level of potential for this title. With an engaging and well thought out game base, you are able to explore and progress smoothly. Simple old styled graphics, with coding for a more recent era of Sandbox styled games. For now, the bugs and glitches make it difficult to truly appreciate this game, but, once many coding has been sorted out and finalized ... Starbound looks to be a very impressive experience.PROS: Easy to learn. Huge degree of customization. Character creation. Fantastic soundtrack. Randomly generated landscapes and Mobs. Expansive environment (both is space and on-planet) Co-operative and PVP Multiplayer. Upgradeable Character CONS: Frame rate issues, highly buggy on some PC-'s, and programming conflicts (Development). Certain areas are too easy, some are too hard (Balance). Some bosses become a -find the exploit-' battle. Drag and drop inventory can be frustrating.OVERALL: 7 / 10 (Based on current version)
