This game is Awesome!If you can think it you can almost certainly do it.Personal favourite game modes are TTT and Sled Build.TTT or Trouble in Terrorist Town sees the player becoming a terrorist, in this strange universe there are good, neutral and bad terrorists which are actually the opposite if you think about it. The bad terrorists are traitors who are out to kill all the other terrorists they may use special weapos bought in the traitor shop and must try to pick off targets without alerting the other terrorists. The neutral terrorists are innocent and they are pretty much just walking bodies that are allowed to shoot others when shot by them. The good terrorists are detectives that must figure out who the terrorists are using advanced methods other then just being shot at by them, such as scanning DNA and figuring out which weapon they last used. This game is heaps of fun and has made up a lot of my gmod time is a must play for anyone who owns gmod.Sled build make whatever you want, chuck a chair on it and ride it down the slopes. What more could you want. Unlimited possiblilities. Signs are OP everyone should give this one a go.With a huge workshop and the ability to create your own 'anything' this game is a must have for anybody.
Dead Island Epidemic takes up the mechanics of other MOBA games, such as 4 abilites per player and turrets that protect the spawn poimts. But DIE adds its own unique game modes and customisation. The workbenches bring a crafting element into the game that sees the player collecting resources and leveling both their own levels and the level of the workbench itself. Once a player has collected or bought the blueprints for weapons and collected all the required resourses they can be crafted to give an edge to the player in game. Of course with all free to play games real money can be used to short cut around collecting resourses and saving up for characters. With a lot of time the end game can be reached without having to spend any money at all, but the experience and money recieved is miniscual compared to what can be bought with real money. The game modes available are Co-Op and PVP each having a few maps and difficulty varients. The co-op mode sees the player teaming up with three players to defeat an army of zombies, the hardest difficulty requires all player to be present in order to have any chance of defeating the final boss, in my experience people leave these games all the time and then you end up having to leave the game because it is impossible to win at low levels, granting no experience or money and ends up being a massive waste of time. For this reason I would not recomend playing the co-op modes in the mid levels and just sticking to the PVP game modes that are available. The standard game mode sees the player joining a team of four and facing up against two other teams of four in a 'scavanger' hunt that uses capturing objectives and killing zombie bosses to gain resourses, this game mode is fun but later on in the game a team can easily destroy the turret guarding the resourses and just steal all of the winning teams resourses, it should be a bit harder to destroy these turrets or at all in my opinion.Overall this game is great and sees story and art from the Dead Island series being brought into a well executed and unique MOBA game
