Quality game. Although i don't play Rust, someone on a server said it's basically like it, but with water. So im enjoying this clone thats 2$ off of rust and thats early acces, so if you never played rust or your're a veteran, this game would be a good place to start out. Plus the scrap metel is real hard and it feels like your beneath RNGesus as he shall give you nothing but steel and Aluminim and barely any metal. Well, for me that is.
This is going to be my first review. Good:1): Good graphics for the game.2): The amount of physics that won't defy the laws of motion.3): The scale of this game.Bad:1):Add mods plea- Oh, umm. Can you add plan- Really. Okay no bad things. Oh wait i got one.2): Add it for Mac and Linux.Reasons why to add it for Mac and Linux:1): For the recommended settings, It says It should be 8gb, and the Mac OS X has 8gb (My mac has 16GB). Don't know about linux though.2): It will get this game purchased more than alot. The mac is surpose to be for games and work. Also the PC in some regards.3): It's kinda unfair to let windows have all the fun and have all the games for PC. Can't we play this awsome space-Sandbox game. this game is more than amazing and more than finnish.Conclusion:Best game ever. But please add it to Mac OS X and Linux please. We want to partake in this game. Yes you're making more updates that will take our breaths away more than the last. But please consider to add this to Mac and Linux.
Addictive. When it comes to cases, some people get stat track knives on their first case and others get pinks (#Gulity) and others get blues... And when you clutch your first comp game it is making your going fast, going for those headshots like Boom headshot. In other words it-'s r8 8/8, gr8 m8.Besides all these random gibberish words, the only cons are the hackers who make the game unfair. Also ping, check that one to. Also the -R8- Revolver, the gun when you have to  charge the SUPER BEAEAAAMMM. Anyways I love this game <3
Love this game, Shooting zambies, all the time is so fun :D
