It has face balloons. What more could you want?
It's come to the point where people see the red flag of 'early access' and decide to skip, conditioned to do so by a large variety of games that show promise but are eventually abandoned by the developers to rot in a pool of graphical glitches and unfinished stories. Being one of those people, my initial reaction was to pirate this game, expecting something brief not worth my time. Instead, I found a thoroughly enjoyable experience that led me to actually buy the game and play through the levels I had so far completed again.I'll just say it now: I think it's worth buying Besiege for what it currently has to offer. a $7 price tag is insanely cheap for a game that I would expect to cost $15 or $20. While currently there are limited levels available, there really is an infite amount of time one can spend on them. If you simply rush through the game completing each level as fast as possible you'll likely be done in under 2 hours, dependant upon your proficiency.However, you'd be doing the game and yourself a great injustice. This game is not just about completing simple tasks. It's about completing them in the most wacky and roundabout ways you can imagine. You'll find yourself restarting levels to try new ideas, perhaps to beat your time or minimum amount of blocks used, or perhaps just to see if it'll work.Now that I've praised the game, here's what I don't like about it, keeping in mind these will probably all be solved in future updates.1. Lack of tutorialsWhile the game is relatively simple, there are no real tutorials to teach you what to do. If you're clever enough, you'll be able to figure out how to do basic functions by yourself (steering, flying, etc) and the game is all about building, testing, failing, building again. However, some basic tutorials to point players in the right direction could solve a lot of rage-quits.2. No multiplayerCome on developers, this is the obvious thing to do with the game. You add a multiplayer battle arena where you let people fight to the death with their machines, perhaps limiting their number of blocks or which blocks can be used. Maybe you could even add other multiplayer gamemodes, like races or castle sieges. To me this seems like the obvious direction to take the game in, because it'll be awesome and will encourage people to buy rather than pirate.3. The controlsThe controls for moving around the camera seem straightforward, yet somehow I always have trouble adjusting to them. I'm not sure why, everything works the way it should, but I always end up being far too zoomed out when trying to look at something from underneath.4. The lagThis is likely an inherent issue with the engine and not something easily fixable, but I thought it would be worth mentioning. I've got a pretty high end gaming pc, but on levels with a lot of enemies and a very large machine I do find the game to lag momentarily when I test my machine. Keep in mind I've only encountered this in specific scenarios and only for a few seconds before it settles.As you can see, these issues are all relatively minor and will likely be fixed in the future. Even if they weren't, I'd still recommend this game. Buy it.
Guns of Icarus was a very enjoyable experience for my friends and I. The only problem I have with this game currently is the lag. Living in Australia, the Oceana and Asia servers are quite laggy. I've experienced randomly teleporting from place to place on the ship, as well as other ships suddenly being in a different location.
Best strategy game I ever played!
