One of the best games I have ever played, if your are looking to have a laugh with your mates, to have a challenge, to explore solar systems and planets then this is the game for you!!!Highly recommended-Some frame rate issues but otherwise an epic game.
Civ beyond earth is an amzing game with a lot of replay ability, although it does require a lot of commitment and time to get far in the game it is quite challenging with the AI being much more harder than the previous games (refering to civ 5).But in the end I highly recomend this game to anyone who has a passion for civ or if you love colony game, if so this is perfect for you.
I think this game was wounderful, peaceful and challenging. It was almost Maditive and if you had already ready played 12 hours of a very annoying game it was very, very calming on the nerves. I recomend you bye this game and play it for your self!
Hey I gotta say that the uninstall button works. :)10/10 IGN
I would say it's an excelent game! 10 outa 10 ign
Im going to make this review simple, ark is a amazing game. It is full of amazing things to do and explore, with the devs constantly updating the game it obviously isn't a money grabber. It is a good game to play with your friends and on servers with other people. You meet new people and make new friends which isn't very common these days on most other games.Here are my pro's and con's.Pro's:-This game hasn't been abandoned and is constantly recieving updates on bug fixes and tweaks.-It has a huge play time, I have owned the game for quite a while but only been able to play it for the last 2 weeks, since then I have almost got 100 hours on it, you certainly don't get bored of it.-Thanks to the devs and the amazing community ark has lots of mods to offer, so if you do end up getting bored you can just download a amazing map to a awesome weapon add-on mod.Con's:-Ark is a heavy game, if you havent got a beefy ♥♥♥ computer (at least GTX 760) you are probably not going to be able to run ark at a stable frame rate. I had this issue on my old PC and I was only able to run the game at super low graphics and recieve maybe 15 frames if lucky. So don't be tempted to buy the game if your computer isn't going to be able to handle it.Conclusion:Other than having issues running the game on a low end computer this game is amazing. I highly recommend it to anyone wanting a game to soak up their time, go exploring, hunting, listen to top notch banter and many more, if so THIS IS YOUR GAME.
