Although the long awaited update finally came out and many things from my original review have been fixed/improved, I still can-'t give this game a thumbs up- Many new SFX have been added and the in game atmosphere (while playing with music off because I don’t really like HM music) has improved dramatically, but the title screen is still quiet. The rain is falling, the lightning is flashing, but it’s all silent. Also, some already existing (but horrible) SFX has been completely dropped out instead of being replaced with better ones. Monsters and skeletons on the first level make no sound at all while walking. You can hear your footsteps but monsters walk silently which looks/-sounds- really odd.- Keyboard controls are finally fixed, but now the gamepad is not working. Since the keys can’t be reassigned, and the default layout is terrible, the game is (at least for me) unplayable. No gamepad also means sitting in front of my monitor instead on my couch and playing on big screen TV.When at least the gamepad support is fixed I’ll gladly change my review to positive. The game progressed a lot since the original release and is finally (almost) how it should have been from the start. ----Original review:This review is based on the latest version of the game available to me, which is v1.0 for OSX (and I believe it’s also the latest version for Linux). Since the release the developers released a number of patches, Windows only. For a Windows review read somewhere else. I’ll update this as / if game gets updated.From the developers website: 'Slain! is affectionately inspired by games such as Ghosts and Goblins, Altered Beast, Shadow Of The Beast and Golden Axe-Played all of those as a kid. The only thing that-'s better in Slain! are graphics. Everything else is much, much worse. So sad I backed this on Kickstarter, can-'t get the refund. If there was only a bug here or there, I would have hope that it can be fixed. But it-'s not about the bugs here (actually haven-'t encountered any), it-'s about poor game design, really bad controls, missing sound effects… In the games mentioned above there was at least some feedback / knock back when you get hit by an enemy, in Slain! enemies walk through you. Sure, all this can be fixed but it’s not a question of days but rather months. At this stage, I would suggest to the developers to slap the “early access” badge on this and take it from there.EDIT #4:As of 31 May developers -hope- they-'ll have OSX (that probably means Linux too) update ”in the near future-. Thanks for the kick in the balls, again. EDIT #3:Hoooraaay! Patch 1 is out! It fixes sooo many things! Oh, wait... it-'s just for Win. No patch for OSX and Linux. But the store page says the game supports OSX and Linux? Well, it also says there are trading cards and achievements.... but you know, who cares anymore.EDIT #2:Achievements are broken. You can get the first one, but that-'s it, the rest of them don-'t work. Store page states -trading cards-, but they are nonexistent.EDIT #1:Try turning the music off and you’ll find that this game is almost mute!Except from generic footsteps and sword sounds there are no sounds when you pick up power ups, die from spikes, break stones or fall down. On the menu screen you see the rain falling and flashes on the screen (lightning) but can’t hear any of that, it’s all quiet. At the beginning a monster spawns from the ground, blood sprays from the pit, visually very dramatic… no sound… no ground rumbling, no sound of blood spraying, the monster is mute. Fire gargoyles spit fireballs from their mouths… no sound at all.  Monsters make engine revving like sound which starts quietly, then gradually goes louder, then ends abruptly and then starts over in a loop. Skeletons make a fireplace crackling like sound (bones?) but die without making any sound… The list goes on and on. And I’ll remind you all that one of the Kickstarter stretch goals (which WAS reached) was hiring “dedicated professional audio designer”.
This game is so boring & repetitive, that it hurts. I really tried to like it, it’s got really nice graphics, but it just doesn’t work for me. The story is as if it was taken from a B grade movie, the characters are just plain and soulless, the loot is crap. You visit the same locations over and over again, killing more and more zombies, doing pointless side missions… just boring.And another thing… comparing this to Borderlands… that’s an insult to every Vault Hunter. This is NOTHING like Borderlands.
