So, this is Unturned. What is Unturned, you may be asking? Well, it's an indie zombie survival game, packed with plenty of features. Let me run through them.Looting, Inventory, and CraftingSo, Unturned has a fairly in-depth looting and inventory system.- Items have physics, so if you, for example, drop a log down a hill, it will roll down. Apart from that, there are various locations where you can gather loot, such as grocery stores, pharmacies, barracks, on ships, in containers, and more.-  The inventory system is very in depth, each piece of clothing you equip will give you more inventory slots to carry more items. There is also different pieces of armour that protect from damage inflicted by bullets.-  As for the crafting, when you get different items, you can combine them to create makeshift weapons, vaccines, barricades, and even vehicles.Maps and serverlist- In Unturned, there are 3 different official maps: PEI, Washington, and Yukon. Washington is a purely PVP map, Yukon is a purely Survival map, and PEI is somewhere inbetween.- The Serverlist is a huge improvement, instead of connecting via IP, now there is a list which you can browse and filter out difficulty, security (VAC-secured/Non-VAC-secured), first/thirdperson, and Workshop, which brings me onto my next point.Workshop mods and map editor- Yup, Unturned has Workshop Mods, which allows people to upload new vehicles, maps, and weapons, for others to download and try out.- Map Editor: Yes, this is also a thing. It's used to create maps to upload to the workshop, and you can place objects, transform terrain, put player and item spawns, etc. Pretty useful, but baking materials requires a pretty beefy PC (or otherwise a couple-minute-wait)Weapons and Vehicles.In Unturned, there are a variety of weapons and vehicles.- There are 4 Assault Rifles, 4 Carbines, 3 Shotguns, 2 LMGs, 6 pistols, 1 Railgun, 1 Rocket Launcher, 1 Nailgun, 5 bows, 3 sniper rifles, 2 sharpshooter rifles, and 6 civilian rifles.- As for vehicles, there are golf carts, vans, sedans, hatchbacks, trucks, roadsters, quad bikes, snow mobiles, tractors, taxis, buses, snow explorers, ambulances, police cars, fire trucks, Urals (tan and forest), APCs (amphibious, tan and forest), Humvees (tan and forest), Jeeps (tan and forest), racecars, and 3 different types of makeshift vehicles (1 seater, 4 seater, 6 seater)- There are also two planes (one sea-plane, one normal), four helicopters (Skycrane type helicopter, a Police helicopter, a Hummingbird, and a Huey in tan and forest.), and three boats (jetskis, a speedboat, and police boat.)Weapon skins and cosmeticsSo there are also weapon skins and cosmetics, cosmetics being applied to your character and changing the look, and weapon skins change the look of your gun, ranging from camo skins to glowing, luminescent skins that sell for dozens of dollars.BuildablesIn Unturned, you can build entire bases, or just barricade up a pre-existing house. Freeform buildables allow you to angle walls, barricades, traps, etc, and also allow you to attach them to cars, turning that crappy old Sedan into a tank using metal sheets and barbed wire, or putting crates in a helicopter to transport gear around.ConclusionThat just about wraps up my Unturned review. Thanks for reading this far.There's drinkable maple syrup. 10/10.
It's CSGO but way more difficult and tactical, and instead of being round based, it's more objective based, where you complete the objectives on a map (blowing caches up, capturing points) and when you get to the end, that's a round.Maps are pretty good, there's a good variety of long distance and close quarters combat.Eight different classes with different roles, modular gear system (chose your weapons, attachments, armour, plate carrier, etc).It's good. I personally prefer co-op mode, (basically vs waves of bots with unlimited capacity)
Just Cause 2: The Action Movie comes to Multiplayer!Play the best action movie ever, now with friends!
This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.And suprisingly, my craptop is actually able to run it at 30fps 1366x768 on standard settings, which is pretty cool.Seriously though, this game is amazing. You should get it.
It's an alright game, but it gets boring at around 40 hours when you get Shadow and Radiant gear and a Mastery level of about 40.
Update 18/12/2015:Payday is better now. They reverted the blackmarket update (no more skins or drills), released a new DLC with two heists with new mechanics (skydiving, and no drills!) which is kinda cool, and the 'weapon balance' update was semi reverted (Shotguns are still basically BB guns in terms of damage, all but one pistol was nerfed (the most overpowered pistol ATM is the Baby Deagle, sporting 150 damage (not a typo) and a 12 round magazine IIRC), and I can get an AMR-16 to around 82 damage and 77 accuracy, so that's a bonus I guess.)I'd say this game is finally recovering.
I bought this knowing I wouldn't be able to run it on my laptop.I just wanted that pre-order bonus.10/10
