Come on, who doesn't want to get a chance to rob a bank? The gameplay is awesome, the voice actors are great, i can actually feel myself robbing a bank in the game (without feeling the tazers tazing my ♥♥♥ and the bulldozers shooting a 12 gauge shot into my face, thankfully) I have to congratulate the devs. they really did an amazing job on the game and i feel that they deserve it.
Technically, its like CS and Killing Floor had a baby and Uncle Dark Souls went and kidnapped him and brainwashed him.
Great gameplay, great graphics and great sounds. What more can one ask? its an amazing game, even if its only early access. Don't be fooled by the bundles, its a balanced game, only differentiating people by skill and team-play. Good to play with friends, as you can coordinate with them. It is certainly a new type of FPS and im already getting addicted to it. Andrenaline pumped action? check. Fast Gameplay? check. Badass bots to ride? check. And to top it off, ITS FREE! Definitely a must see for those looking for a good game.
A ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥TTINGLY AWESOME GAME. BADASS GUNS, AWESOME DIALOGUE, MISSIONS THAT DONT FEEL REPETITIVE,SOME OVER USAGE OF CAPITAL LETTERS AND badass NPCs. get dis. NoW
no zombie simulator gets moredetailed than this. and its so bloody hard if u started at the worst place to be in a zombie apocalypse. graphics-wise, its not bad, anything higher and i think my laptop wont be able to handle it.gameplay, even if its in heavy dev, its already looking bright as the sun, especially with the upcoming multiplayer part of the game gonna be added sometime soon, this gonna stay in my favourites list for a long time :D
This game. Still one of my top 5 fave games, even after playing it for a long time. Skills and reaction time is all you need to win in this game (and maybe internet with good connection). No matter if ur playing against people with premium weapons or not, the stock assault rifle is enough to handle anything. Maybe except for OSMAWs and OPGLs. Customization is also the most thorough one i have ever found in games, MMO or non-MMO. check out my screenshots and see for yourself what level of customization level im talking about. enough of me talking, Play The Game. May seem a bit complex at the beginning, but once you got the hang of it, its really simple and fun. WARNING. HIGHLY ADDICTIVE.
This is good. very good. but sometimes when missions require some teammates due to the terryfyingly hard to kill bosses, its also fiendishly hard to find people to team up with. other than that, its a great game if you have a constant group of friends who plays together with you.
BEST.PVP.GAME.EVER. once u learn how to play it, ull like it, or get addicted. im both.
Awesome game.literally havent got tired of it. even after i passed my usual gametime of 1 month. im still playing it now :D WARNING: HIGHLY ADDICTIVE ;)
