Poi is already one of my favorite games. it's not too suprising considering it's mechanics are a combination of my two fravorite video game series: Super Mario and The Legend of Zelda. The Early Access version is really amazing I can not wait untill it is finished!
Well, the Batman Begins game did well and WB wanted to make a game for The Dark Knight, but after the passing of heath ledger they felt, for various reasons, this would not be a good endevour. the game was given to newcommer -Rocksteady- and to focus on a new plot and use mostly the voice cast of Batman: The Animated Series. Emmy award winning batman writer, Paul Dini, was brought on the write the project. The game takes place around the early 1990s batman comics but set in a unique universe with loose ties to the comics, animated series and nolanverse. Paul Dini took the early 1980s batman comics and adapted them into the emmy award winning animated series in a way no one else had done, modernising the stories, tieing them loosely into the films of the time and the comics and also making a dark, gritty and serious world while still keeping it sutiable for children. Paul Dini once again deliverse in this, tying the story loosly to the comics and the curent films and modernising the  90s stories but now the story is geared to a teen to adult audience and paul dini-'s story telling genius is back in full force. An amazing game for anyone thirteen and up!
Warner Bros. Montreal REALY didn't know what they were doing here, it's a cheap arkham city clone with a Batman licence, the gamer in me was disapointed, Batman fan in me was in denial for a few months, if you don't have this game yet then you don't need it, wait for Arkham Knight were Rocksteady will return.
Amazing. the tenth and final game in the Metal Gear series! unfortunatly Konami's desire to shift focus to mobile games and Pachi-Slots that got Silent Hills canceled also got this masterpiece rushed to comletion. it's still amazing though. Kojima Productions has still done everything it can to still make the game great dispite that. I have only two MAJOR problems with MGSV:TPP 1. The Prologue (you'll know what I'm talking about if youv'e played it) and  2. The Title, this is a sequel to Peace Walker, which is a sequel to Portable ops, which is a spin off of MGS 3, so technicaly this is MPO 3, but that really is nitpicking. You don't need to play the previouse games: MG, MG2, MGS, MGS 2, MGS 3, MPO, MGS 4, MGS PW and MGSV:GZ to enjoy the game BUT you still should because they are all AMAZING games. (aside from MGS, that is the only one that has dated, its still kinda decent though).
First off, if your expecting some sort of nostalgic throwback to the awful Fred Wolf cartoon from '87 or a tie in the less awful but still mediocre at BEST Nickelodeon cartoon on at the moment, you are going to be disapointed. Much like the upcoming 'Shadows of the Past' board game/Pen and Paper RPG hybrid, it uses as its source material; the, well, source material. Sure it's based of the 2011 Reboot comics but thats still the current comics. There are some weird mistakes like refering to the Utroms as Krangs (yest still refering to Krang as Krang, what?) and an off hand mention of the Purple Dragons that seems to imply them as a gang even though they reformed and became a neiborhood watch group (then again, I am behind on my Turtles comics mabye Hun turned them bad again, I dunno). Anyway, there has never really been a GOOD TMNT video game, oh sure none of them have really been TERRIBLE but they are mostly boring, mindless, button mashing, Beat 'em ups. Out of the Shadows was probably the best but is still wasn't that good (and if a game based on the second Paramount movie comes out, I'm not refering to that I'm refering to the 2013 game). How does this one fair? well... It's Platinum so... yeah, you can't really go wrong with platinum. All I have played of their games are Metal Gear Rising, The Legend of Kora and now this and I can say that I may get around to buying Transformers: Devistation (probably not though since I don't really care about Transformers) but I WILL be getting there original IPs if they make their way to Steam. Anyway, definatly get this; classic Platimum gameplay, mimicing the art of Mateus Santoluco (TMNT Issue #5,22-28,33-36,38-40,45-47,50,56-58 and The Secret History of the Foot Clan Mini-Series) and a script by Tom Waltz (Script Writer and Co-Plotter for all 58 and counting issues of the TMNT ongoing), how can you go wrong?Update: Alot of people have been giving this game bad reviews soley based on the 30fps lock and lack of local multiplayer. Those are not legitmet reasons to say a game is bad, 30fps IS the standard, 60 or 90 is a bonus. Yes, the online only multiplayer is a shame but; 1. That, unfortunatly, is the standard now, 2. The game is still good singleplayer.
One of the best games of this generation, Arkham Asylum was an almost perfect game for a Batman fan but nothing but a show of pertential for gamers, this game is nearly perfect in everyway, the prequel was a flop but the new sequel coming October looks very promising, want to get caught up? play this game! If you are a Batman fan, anywere from comics, to movies to the animated series, you should love this as long as you are a decent gamer. Easy is GREAT for newer players and hard mode is a great challenge and New Game Plus will surely have you dying atleast double the times you did in your first playthrough.
The only good MMO, and a dang good one.
