Hard to learn, impossible to master. This statement perfectly describes the learning curve of the Counter-Strike series. This is no different with CS:GO. The latest installment in the Counter-Strike series boasts a serious competitive multiplayer, with a somewhat relaxing yet challenging offline play with AI.It also features various gamemodes like Arms Race (gun game) and Deathmatch. Along with the actual game, there is also a huge emphasis on the community. With the toolsets given by Valve, users are able to create weapon skins and entire maps for submission on the Workshop. I have seen truly amazing, creative and brilliant ideas come from the Workshop.PROS:- Great multiplayer- Awesome community integration- Fantastic customisation of settings- Relaxing offline mode with botsCONS:- Hard to learn. Even harder to master.Worth the $15. Must have on sale.
A spectacular modern masterpiece. That is the best way to describe Bioshock Infinite.At first Bioshock Infinite seems like a cut and dry FPS with basic mechanics and a nice setting. However, over the course of the game, you come to realise that this is unlike any game ever created- even the original Bioshocks. Gameplay is always dynamic and supports any style of play, and with the DLCs, you are even able to stealth your way through. Vigors add a new  twist to the genre, allowing the player to cast almost magical spells onto your foes- adding another layer to the deep combat systems. The Sky Hook is another mechanic that intesifies and deepens combat further. Traversing a beautiful landscape by soaring through the skies looks and feels magnificent. The AI dynamically adapts to the skyline as well, reacting to all your movements. Additionally, guns feel super solid to shoot, and coupled with the magnificent sound design, have a certain 'punch' to them that alot of other FPS' lack. I do however wish that the gunplay could have been broken up by some puzzles, as it sometimes got a bit repetitive. All in all, despite its short-comings, the gameplay is a fantastic twist to the FPS genre, spicing things up within a somewhat generic category. Graphics are obviously one of the strongest points in this game. The world of Columbia is fully realised within the Unreal Engine 3 and is a specticle to look at- all the textures and lighting especially look fantastic. The first 30 minutes of the game are some of the best, most pure world building portions of a game I have every played. Everything from the characters to the rooms are detailed, well thought out and created with passion. You can tell that Irrational spent alot of time designing each single focus within the dense world. But the main draw of this game is its story. So is it any good? ♥♥♥♥ING YES. The story in Bioshock Infinite is one to marvel at; one that will be remembered decades from now as incredible- just like the original Bioshock. The reason it works so well, is that it takes its time. You really start to feel emotion for the characters that inhabit this world, and form deep connections. Booker and Elizabeth share amazing character development arcs throughout the entire game, and upon reflecting back at the beginning of your journey- you realise just how much you've been through. Each miniscule of detail in the story was thought through a million times over, and share a multiplex of depth with each other detail. The way Ken Levine and his team were able to craft such a magnificent tale, I will never know. I would go as far as to say this story is BETTER than Bioshock 1. I know that might be hard to believe, but Ken Levine is a master of pen- and this work of his is no exception. And the obligatory twist that every Bioshock has is of course here- and mark my words, YOU WILL NOT BE READY. They outdid themselves once again, and this twist will be remembered for generations to come.TL;DRPROS:- New, fresh gameplay. A twist on the genre.- Marvellous graphics and world.- Story will blow you away. One of the best I've ever experienced.- Characters are well developedCONS:- Sometimes repetitive.OVERALL: 10/10Good job Ken Levine and team. You are masters of game development.
A fitting end to the MGS saga. Hideo Kojima-'s true -Magnum Opus-; a masterpiece. From the gameplay, to the story, to the graphics, to replay value- everything is outstanding. 10/10, a worthy purchase.
