The new update is awesome! The story is interesting and Dr. Merlot is a good villain (if only he-'s more prepared of course). Here-'s what I like to say:1. The models! Please, change it back to the old ones! I swear, Ruby was cross-eyed and her eyes are unnaturally far apart from each other and it-'s creeping me out!2. When I was playing as Blake, the sounds are muffled and the background music-'s gone. I don-'t know if I-'m the only one have this problem but that-'s what happened even though the volume for the music is on max.3. I don-'t like the sounds when we-'re beating up the Grimm, sounded like muffled punch on a punching bag. Can it change to sounds from the show when Grimm being slashed?4. It-'s better if you put the controls tutorial in the game. Sometimes I have no clue about the controls for keyboard so having the tutorial would be nice to have a reference. 5. Since this is the full version of the game and you stated that you-'ll be focusing on releasing new contents, continue the campaign for the Merlot Industries story BUT with team JNPR. Or a different campaign story but playing as JNPR. 6. It-'s a bit too much to pay a high amount of money for this game despite the lack of content and the combat system is too bland. I have to agree that this should stay in early access so they can keep developing it UNTIL this game is worth to be full release. 7. The boss at Dr. Merlot-'s lab was TOO easy to beat. The radius of the Deathstalker-'s attack were small and easy to dodge. Try to play God Eater for once, maybe you can get an idea of how to make a really challenging boss fight which ACTUALLY worth the time to fight them.8. The ending of the campaign is also boring and depressing. Okay, Merlot is going to blow up the lab, won-'t having to escape the lab sequence would be nice instead of having an airship coming to pick you up? Make a timer, let us find a way to escape the lab, add Grimm/robots on the way to delay us. (like I said, play God Eater. Get an idea from the game since RWBY and God Eater are almost the same in concept.) 9. The campaign only took me like 2-3 hours to finish and then it-'s over. Wait for few more days and play it again to just freshened up your brain or kill time. That-'s it, I mean, the story can be interesting but it was too short, no details, nothing that makes the whole fighting to get to that point is worth it. Just... bleh. 10. No offense but engaging missions and storytelling? Everything is so straightforward and it-'s all just -lets get this over with- thing. Like I said, make everything worth the time of fighting the enemies. And please, exploring the world of Remnant? The course has been set and there-'s so many invisible walls that I could kill myself because I couldn-'t explore the area entirely!!There-'s a lot I could list down right now but that should be enough. And please, just consider the reviews we gave for this game. Some of us tell ourselves this is the bestest game we played and even recommended this to our friends. So please make this REALLY the best game we played. I can-'t recommend this game to my cousin anymore since it-'s actually disappointing and I don-'t want him to buy an expensive game from his favorite show only for it to be a huge disappointment for him. (I-'m from Malaysia and here the price is RM47) Don-'t really recommend this game anymore. Don-'t buy it and it should stay as an early access or just hire a professional game tester to test this game before it released completely.
Played this, experienced it and I can say I loved it so much I cried in the end. You may think there's no point, no goal and no plot in this game but once you started playing it, you can't stop. Your curiousity will make you finish this game and make you cry. Rate this 10/10. A great piece of art.
