A great game, made even better if you have friends to share the experience with. Its a first person shooter with comic-style graphics, which involves not-so-realistic abilities, which are nonetheless quite fun to use. There is a lot of content (you can play 6 or 8 different classes) and there is a number of different difficulties. (you end up playing the game 3 times - normal difficulty will get you to around level 35, true vault hunter gets you to 50ish, and ultimate vault hunter should get you to max level of 72.
This is the best First Person shooter i-'ve ever played and probably the most realistic one as well.Graphics are great and the maps are very complex and fairly large. Audio is great, your radios will allow you to talk with the rest of your squad, however if you say something when an enemy is close, they can hear you also... The only improvement I would like to see is the ability to change the radio volume separately to the rest of the -sound effects- volume. Player voice chat is controlled seperately to sound effect volume.Differences to most shooters:1. Respawns. Depending on the mode, you will run out of respawns in different ways. Some maps give your team a limited number of respawns that you can replenish by capturing/destroying objectives. Other maps only will respawn your team when you capture or destroy an objective. Other maps you get given a limited number of respawns and can-'t replenish them. This makes the game MUCH more team-based, as by yourself you will die quickly2. Health. You don-'t regenerate it. You will often die from only one or two bullets, and you often have very little idea where you were shot from. This makes your individual tactical approach, as well as your teams strategy, much more important. If you run in the open, you die quickly. 3. Weapons. You get -supplies- which are used to purchase weapons and upgrades. You can fit different sights, ammunition, barrels, grips and accessories to weapons, you can purhase different types of armour and grenades.  You often need to balance what you want, as you don-'t have enough supplies to get the best of everything. Capturing objectives can give you more supplies.The only thing that I really dislike about the game is that there are some -restricted areas- where the game prevents you from being able to shoot. This is designed to keep you playing near the objectives, but sometimes can be painful as you cannot visually see where they start or finish, so sometimes you will run for cover and find yourself in an area that you can-'t defend yourself in.Overall a fun game with a steep learning curve and something I would recommend to any other FPS fan.
Great gameSimilar to the -Galaxy Trucker- board game where you have to design your ship and go through missions, with some significant differences.1) you must place a number of -cargo- peices, and usually one engine peice prior to launch. You cannot place weapons at this stage.2) you don-'t get to change the shape of your ship (its a pre-determined shape that changes each level) you only get to determine what is built on what part of the shipI haven-'t had any significant problems playing this game after installing the betapatch. It is a well designed and coded game.Suggestions for the dev, maybe have a DLC where you can modify the shape of the ship, and take it through longer/harder missions. Also, being able to design the ship before launch would be great, along with creating more of a -career- feeling if the money  you can spend on your ship tied in with your net worth at the time.
A very good game that suffers from F2P syndrome.Basically you're a soldier with a tech power (cloaking, sheild, scan etc) that can hide behind objects to get stat boosts (ie: stability/accuracy) and you have to capture and/or defend points on the map. This gameplay is implemented well.Its worst problems are that people that don't pay money, have to spend hours playing the game before they get gear that is normal for any other FPS (ie: grenades). Also you have to spend in-game currency to repair your armour (which is only a way to make you waste in-game currency)All in all, its not a bad game, but if you don't intend spending money on it then I wouldn't bother playing it.
This is a great logic/puzzle game. You need to design a -circuit board- that breaks and creates atomic bonds to produce the desired element. as the game progresses, you need to have multiple -circuit boards- that feed into one another, to produce the desired elements. When designing the -circuit boards- you have to try and balance a number of moving parts, otherwise you encounter problems of atoms colliding into one another, or supply/delivery pipelines being filled so they cannot accept new deliveries. 
Brief: Gameplay: 8/10, Graphics: 8/10, Sound: 8/10 Replayability 5/10.In depth:As far as simulators go, this is a very good one. Graphics are great especially the wireframe view, and the controls are fairly easy and intuitive. Sounds are pretty good also especially the main menu soundtrack. Going through career mode is enjoyable but I can-'t imagine myself playing it again for quite a while.As far as gameplay goes, it looks to be aimed at a fairly beginner mechanic to a hobbyist. If you know how to strip an engine down and rebuild it I probably wouldn-'t recommend it. I know the main concepts of how all the parts of an engine work, however I still learnt a bit from this game, and it is still keeping me entertained. There is a few annoying things (like having to remove the airpipe, then 4 bolts and the airflow meter, then another 4 bolts for the air filter cover, before being able to see the air filter) but this is minor.It starts off where all the engines are 4 cylinder front wheel drives, then after about 15 or so missions it slowly introduces you to more (4x4-'s, 6 cylinders) and it starts from basic problems -replace my brake pads- to -my boss told me to bring the car to you but i have no idea what you need to fix- type jobs. After playing about 40 missions, I-'m still enjoying the game (especially the dyno-tuning mini-game) and i really hope they bring out a more detailed and more complex version next year. I-'ll definately buy it. I would like to see the ability to -hear- and -feel- problems (ie: when driving around the test track) or being able to negotiate my own price with the customer (maybe ringing them up halfway through a job saying -this is also broken, want it fixed?- or -i can do this cheaper if i use 2nd hand parts-. I would also like to see more types of engines (maybe trucks, rear-mounted engines, motorbikes).All in all, its a good game, and i-'m stopping this review now so i can go and play it more...
