The sims 3 is a very enjoyable game... WIth the DLC... I mean the core game is fun for the first couple of hours or even the first couple of days but it dries out quickly.There isn-'t enough to do in the core game and if you want all the DLC you are going to need to pay approximately $400, I recommend getting the game right now during the flash sale or just when the game is on special so you can enjoy the game a little more.Game elements like playing the Piano and going to university should realy be in the core game but no, you are going to have to pay for the -Late Night- DLC if you want a piano, or the -University Life- DLC if you want your sim to go streaking. With the DLC the game is exceptional but it costs far too much money to play the game without getting bored.If you bought all the DLC for $400... You could have bought 50 if not more games for that value, cheap-ish ones of course but there are many impressive indie games out there, especially now that the summer sales are going round so you can get over 100 games and still have some change.But as we all know EA are notorious for DLC so asking for less DLC that is cheaper would be asking too much so only buy this game if you have seen gameplay of the core game and seem interested enough or if you want to play for DLC.
Fast paced, 2D, action, fighting game in which you click the left and right mouse button to attack or pick up weapons depending on which side of you are on, very addictive and very fun and would be great on other gaming platforms such as mobile devices and even on console.Pick it up whilst its hot!
This is a cheap, fun, addicting and stupid game that I would recommend for any gamer, casual or hardcore. I mean why wouldnt you want to play this game... You're a goat!There are lots of good features about this game including the goat trophy collectables, the unlockable mutations and especially the workshop! the game has multiple achievements that arent too hard to get which is always fun and there is always a reason to come back and play some more!Much baaa, many goat.wow.
Very enjoyable! I'm glad that this game is free cause ive been looking for a fun free game for a while... But thats beside the point, this game is very addictive and the guns are VERY customizable so almost every player has a different, uniquely customized gun that you can pick up and have a play with. The graphics are very polished and unique in a way, so i highly recommend getting this game.
Haunted Memories, a beautiful, slender spin-off, unfortunately not the best spin-off out there with the countles bugs experienced throughout playing the game.Thankfully I haven-'t experienced the teleportation bug where you teleport backwards continuously, but at times my character teleports to a random place in the immediate vicinity and says -What the hell was that!?- Whilst looking at a table for example... It-'s just a table, no need to ♥♥♥♥ yourself.Unfortunately this game has a habbit of glitching on objects and the terrain, after reading other reviews before playing I learnt that people died by jumping on barrels and such so I avoided that, but upon entering the upstairs area of the inn I slightly clipped a door frame which resulted in my character being paralyzed and ending in his untimely demise thanks to fall damage, dispite me not falling even a millimetre.After the dissapointment of my death I decided to start a new game on paranormal difficulty, and boy was I surprised. My character spawned holding the axe, the crowbar, the lantern, and flashlight and the gun and the book was also being held, I also had another pair of arms and hands, and I hadn-'t even picked anything up. None of the items were useable at that which resulted in a very buggy group of items on my screen, interested to see what else was broken I decided to approach the car to pick up the flashlight and the book, however my character was incapable of doing so, I approached the items and there was no interaction button even after spamming the -e- key, he picked nothing up. The game was also lagging immensley at this point as opposed to all the other difficulties (the lag was likely all the glitchy items). And in turn the game crashed.However the scares can be surprising so the horror aspect can still be found, however do not get this game if you dislike unfinished, frustrating, glitchy games.Update: after deciding to give this game an extra chance I played it for a couple of hours over the weekend and I was dissapointed :/ I encountered the teleportation bug that teleports me anywhere on the map randomly which was very frustrating and I was continuously dieing of fall damage when clipping an object. There are multiple glitchy textures thqat need seeing to also, what the develepers should focus on in the next update is not releasing up chapters but updating the existing chapters, I would play Chapter 2 but it doesn-'t detect that I own Haunted Memories so unfortunately I can-'t, but I-'ve seen gameplay footage of it and there are also countless bugs and even spelling mistakes in the dialogue.Urgent Update is Needed
Tenno unite in this epic rpg based in our solar system and the planets within. This free rpg is well worth the download as it offers hours of fun and gameplay with a minimal feel of p2w.There are missions that you can go in undetected and assassinate your enemies or you can go in with all guns blazing to liberate the solar system against the grineer, corpus and infested threat.There is even a foundry where you can build weapons, equipment, warframes and more that you find within missions or you can purchase them from the market with credits or buy the completed version with platinum including an orokin catalyst or orokin reactor.With daily real-time events and unique rewards that follow, you are always encouraged to pop in-game once and a while to check the events and even your daily login reward that vary from xp to void keys that challenge your skill in the void.Be sure to join the -Warframe events- group to get notified when an event is starting so you can join the fight!
This game is very addictive and impressed me a lot the first time i played it, as I don't really like games with the camera angle that this game provides, it impressed me with the overall enjoyment of the combat, the multiplayer etc. I would recommend buying this game ESPECIALLY since its on sale for the summer sales!
