Maplestory. This game is by far the worst game ever created. The Characters are sh*t, The Animations for skills suck, The story lines are lame. How bad can one game be? The Story of an average mapler. One day a person randomly overhears some of his friends talking about maplestory. He gets curious so he finds out what it is and downloads the game. He starts to play the game, it isn-'t too bad, he makes friends, he has fun. - Few months later. The person gets addicted to the game and is -mapling- 24/7. He also spends $10 - $50 everyday for the Nexon-'s in-game currency known as -Nexon Cash- or -NX-After a while his friends disappear, and makes new friends and they disappear too.HE does this for 5 years until one day he looks at the game properly and thinks to himself. -What have I done during the past 5 years?- He then proceeds to view his purchase history, his characters, his life.What has happened during the past 5 years you may ask? Well. This person wasted his money, his time, his relationships and most of all his LIFE. It is far too hard to comeback from maplestory if you played it for such a long time, and when you do, I-'ll tell you, you will never look at the game the first time you looked at it. How -innocent- it is, How -fun- it is. The only exception you can see to is that you have friends whom play the game. Other than that I suggest you drop it.
Warframe is game that makes other FPS look inferior, it's supposedly set in the future, where Tenno Soldiers fight Grineer Marines, for absolutely no unkown reason ; possibly the soverignity of the solar system.The game is also supported by microtransactions via steam. DLC from the game is ridiculous, the more you pay, the more stronger and better you are, but unless you actually put in time and effort to get the same results as the p2winners.Overall, Warframe can be naturally seen as a fps and p2w game, this game actually seemed more new, unlike the other modern-day fps like black ops. Although the game can be seen as a p2w, rarely any time and effort needs to be put in to acquire better eqiupment since materials for blueprints are fairly easy to get.I rate this 7/10 or 70%
Its may seem good and addicting at first, but then it get boring when you get your character to level 35.TL;DR = Waste of time and possibly money.
Elite orbs are more rarer than good presidential candidates
Overwatch
