Devil May Cry 3 seems very classic when compared to DmC Devil May Cry: Definitive Edition (which I'm not to fond of, but that's a different review). Dante is back in his 3rd game in the series, the bosses are fairly difficult, and this game overall is quite a challenge.Which might be because it took me (an experienced DMC fan) over 10 minutes just to figure out all of the buttons. The camera angles feel weird and confining, and as far as I could tell.. unchangeable.3.5/5
Extremely fast demolition derby meets fast paced and competitive soccer.This game is a complete mashup of two great things, and personally I feel that it comes about better as a whole because of it.  Turbo boost into a enemy player to block them from taking a shot, drive on the walls to bounce the ball closer to a goal or simply jump and tip the ball into the goal.The learning curve also wasn't that steep for a game like this, after a couple matches, I felt right at home.
This is one of those games where the gameplay makes you think and challenges you to excel past areas. But doesn't burden you for making a mistake or dying, there are no lifes, no health and little frustration. This game takes us back to when games were purely fun, not for the sake of a competitive nature or skillful abilities.I remain playing Fez because it's a massive puzzle game that doesn't (or shouldn't) make you feel frustrated about playing it. Diasterpiece's soundtrack helps to make this game a complete immersive world, one in which has a strong cult following for one reason.It's all in all a very great game to play, complete and complete again.
To say this game game is difficult is like saying the earth is just another rock. This game goes far behind a difficultly controlled simulation where you make tea, who the hell ever thought making tea would be so stressful and infuriating at the same time. Once you get the controls, you would figure it gets easier from there, but it's very likely that your robot-hand will start jittering and fly off and you will fail the mission. Learning the controls are one thing, but mastering this game will definitely take some serious patience.The music is happy and full of energy, but about the time it starts getting difficult.. The music vanishes.. which makes it even more difficult seaming.. Buy this game if you're looking for one  of those simulation challenges.
An amazing game, and quite the challenge considering they way to control Octodad. The missions are very fun but simple, the but I found them a challange at times.A great, exciting and must play game for anyone on steam.
