In my opinion this game is the pinnacle of the Fallout series. Combining the previous games skills, perks and specials systems with better combat and a better story than FO3. Its not just the best of the series, but also one of the best games to date. Graphically the game is very dated but it'll at least run on a Windows 7 and up PC without needing to find a workaround like FO3. So basically, you should get it. On sale of course.
This is for people who like spending far too long in these types of games really one of the only Valve games I HATE
I really wouldn't compare this game to other zombie survivals such as the Left 4 Dead Series and the Call of Duty Zombies series. I really enjoyed both series and have grown to love Killing Floors new take on gameplay such as the removal of Crosshairs and the lack of endless waves like CoD Zombies. The game has 7 classes. Demolitions, Sharpshooter, Commando, Firebug, Field Medic, Support Specialist, and Bezerker. Each class takes a while to level up (A while meaning that it could take a month grinding out a class to the max level of 6.) so if you're a completionist then you can take the time to grind out your classes if thats your thing. The achievement hunters will have a couple hundred achievements to get. Some like the Hell on Earth achievements (Max difficulty achievements) can take a very long time to get due to how difficulty Hell on Earth can be. Simply put, Killing Floor might have a dead playerbase, but if you gather up some friends there's lots of fun to be had.Also.LODESAMONE.
This is a soley teamwork related game with many gamemods to choose from and an AI Director that keeps making random experences everytime and special infected that require a team to fend off this game couldn-'t get any better I could explain in detail all the gamemods but here are the basicsCampaign- This gamemode pits you against AI hordes and special infected with human controlled team mates which requires close teamwork to survive each finale from holding out to collecting gas to even running across a bridge thats being bombed by the militarySingle player- Nothing much to say about this game mode its the normal campaign but instead of humans its offline botsVersus- In Versus you are pitted against swarms of common infected while fending off human controlled specials each team takes turns playing as humans and infected with these playable infected and non playable infected: The Smoker- He will drag survivors with a long tounge towards him and will repeatidly bash them untill their team mates free them or they die if he can not directly drag them to him he will constrict them where they are stuck. The Boomer- Nothing much to explain about him he is a bloated infected who will throw up boomer bile on the survivors attracting a horde to attack them and attractting nearby infected if killed he will explode showering bile on nearby surfaces and survivors their is an item that allows the survivors to use his own bile against him. The Hunter- A hooded teenage looking infected who will leap great distances to catch lone survivors dealling massive damage untill killed or freed can leap from far and high places to deal damage pounces which range around 1 to 25 damage dealling instant damage and is the only infected that does not have to wait for his ability to recharge. The Charger- This infected has a large arm that will smash into survivors knocking other team mates into the air he cannot be bashed off his victim normally having to be killed a Charger may also ram survivors off high places incapping or killing instantly. The Jockey- The Jockey is the only infected that can move their victim around willingly instead of the Chargers ram which cannot be steered as well as the Smokers pull and Hunters pounce The Jockey can be fought against though if the survivor mashs their move buttons making it difficult for the Jockey to move them but they also deal damage much like the others clawing at their victims face untill downed and unable to ride like the Hunter it must pounce to capture someone. The Spitter- Purely a support infected like the Boomer the Spitter can split survivors with her acid spit or can spit on incapped or -pinned- survivors spreading panic and killing the survivor quicker making it a valuable asset to the team if used correctly like the Boomer its death has a last act of revenge spreading its acid although smaller on the ground like its spit attack. The Tank- The Tanks the brute force and favorite of most players the Tanks only goal is to spread damage to kill or make a miserable mess of the survivors defences with 3 different attacks like its punch attack which knocks back survivors knocking them senseless for a short amount of time a rock throw attack taking out snipers who aren-'t willing to take any damage from the behemoth and knocking them down giving the Tank a chance to get close and a car/object punch which sends any car or object flying and immediatly incapping survivors or on rare chances stumbling them or killing them making it very effective at taking out close groups and clusters. The Witch- The Witch is one of the only infected thats avoidable only attacking when disturbed killing and incapping in one hit being startled by flashlights and close survivors.Realism and Realism Versus- Realism is a gamemode of pure teamwork being unable to see someone through walls or being pinned also Witches will kill in one hit Realism Versus is purely the same as Versus defualt just with the added rules of Realism.Survival- Much like the Call of Duty gamemode Zombies but with a twist the survivors are able to equip anything they like before they start the match and instead of rounds its random hordes and Tanks as well as a timer recording how long your team survived 2 alteritive Mutations( We will get to these) are Survival Versus which is Survival with Versus merged and one team sets the time while the other beats it and keeps going till one team does not beat the others time and Hold Out which is like a Hold Out finale but quicker to finish.Scavenge- A quick version of Versus one team must collect gas cans and put them in the generator while the infected team must try and stop them from beating their score the first team to beat their score all added together wins the match.Mutations- Weekly gamemodes like Hunting Party, Last Man On Earth and TAAAANK! that are available on the Steam Workshop along with other community made skins and Campaigns that are remixes of gamemodes or entirely new ones as earlier mentioned Survival Versus is one such gamemode.Now for the conclusion this game has its ups and downs like its prequel but its worth buying the glitchier but funner version on P.C with the custom content and free DLC some players do not like the lack of weapons while most like it cause its simple and means your favorite weapons never too far from reach but what about the gamemodes? are some even worth playing? It is true that Survival and Scavenge are not played as much like Mutations mostly cause most players normally have enough time on their hands to play a full Campaign or Versus match and most of the Mutations that are fun require manual installation or having to be found in the wasteland of the Steam Workshop but this does not mean its not a bad game I rate it 9/10 Cause of its teamwork based gameplay which I have yet to see in many games and plus Valves style of simplicity with simple graphics and not overly complicated gameplayer (I am looking at you Battlefield and Call of Duty) this games a hit and miss some people will like it some will not but I absolutely love it as I have played the first since it came out and loved that even though I was missing alot such as weapons and items and lacking infected varity but its simplistic gameplay style contributes to it so thats my review and have a great day!
On the brightside. These recent updates have cleared about 40gig of HDD space.
