Have you ever wondered about Lara Crofts Orign story well with this new installment of the Tomb Raider franchise you will learn just that, her origin story. The beautiful and amazing movement mechanics allows you to explore the world with ease and a visual satisfaction. The storyline is also magnificent and beautifully crafted. Although some sections of the game may seem predictable the developers have done an excellent job of limiting the number of them and adding multiple plot twists. This game will easily keep you busy for 10 hours on your first play through, without exploring any of the optional tombs. If you are a big fan of the Tomb Raider series either through the movies or the older games this is an excellent game for you that will keep you busy for countless hours. I would rate this game a 9.8/10 for its breathtaking graphics, amazing movement mechanics and great story. This game really does do a great job of engaging the audience with Lara's orgin story. I would recommend this game to anyone that is a fan of the series or just looking for a great 3rd person adventure game with a compelling story.
The DayZ mod for Arma 2 is amazing. To play this mod you need both Arma 2 and Arma 2 Operation Arrowhead. Despite all of the bugs in the mod, I would rate the DayZ mod 8/10!
If you enjoy minecraft with guns this is the place to be! This game has plenty to offer and will keep you busy for hours. 9/10!
This game is so stupid that it is extremly fun! If you like Dino's this is the game for you. 7/10!
Arma 2  Operation Arrowhead is said to be the most realistic shooters out there. The graphics are not the best but the gameplay is realistic. It will take you hours to learn all of the controls. You also need to be smart because 2-3 bullets and your dead. Arma 2 Operation Arrowhead does have a lot of bugs but if you can just look past them you could really enjoy this game. I would rate this game 9/10!
This is one of the best MMO games that I have ever played. Everyone should play this game. I give the game 9.5/10.
This game has an amazing single player. The multiplayer is decent in the native(original no mods or add-ons) version of the game but if you get the Napoleonic Wars DLC, the multiplayer is amazing. Overall I give this game a 9/10.
This is probaly one of the best free to play games out there. You must get this game. I'm rating it 9/10.
