I killed Medusa with the word 'poop'.10/10 would kill legendary monsters with really immature words again.
Set in a world with monsters, magic and wonder, your only goal is to survive. That, or get yourself a sweet new suit.This game is an absolute blast. Even though the multiplayer can be a bit hard to get working (at least for me) the singleplayer is still awesome as a pink potatoe. You can devote your time to creating a beautiful house, mining for exquisite ores or just murdering the guide.One problem is that you're eventually gonna run out of things to do, but luckily there are heaps of mods out there, with loads of new content.There are also tons of bosses, each one unique and challenging. However, at times they can be too challenging, and when you're trying to access a new area or get a piece of gear, being beaten by the same boss again and again is frustrrating.In the end, the only real limit is your imagination. That, and the world limit.+ Tons of different things to do, hours of gameplay to be had+ Lots of different gear + Almost infinite customisation options- Can get frustrating or boringMy Score: 9/10
I looted other people's dumpsters.There was money in them.10/10 would kill psycho midgets again.
Portal 2 is the sequel to the puzzle game, Portal, which showed off revolutionary gameplay mechanics, along with great storytelling. Portal 2 builds upon the first game's storyline. You play as Chell, a test subject at Aperture Laboritories, where instead of using a normal gun, you must utilise the Portal Gun, which creates two connected points in space.This game really knows how to create a great story. When the game starts, a sphere / droid thingie called Wheatley saves you from your room and takes you with him to try and escape Aperture, only to awaken GLaDOS. The interactions between GLaDOS are really witty and funny, with great voice acting.The puzzles themselves are very good. The mechanic of the portal, along with some very clever test elements (such as lasers, gels and turrets) are fun to work with. Almost every test chamber has a new way of solving something. However, the puzzles don't get overly hard, they mostly stay around the medium difficulty mark.With this sequel there is now a coop mode, where you play with a friend as either Atlas or P-Body. This mode is a elcome edition, and the servers run smoothly, save for the occasional disconnect. The witty GLaDOS dialogue is still there, although now she's comparing the two bots, insulting them and even pitting them against eah other. The puzzles are still fun, and in most cases are harder than the main game. Cooperating is half the batlle, but this is helped by good microphone support and the 'ping' tool, which is used to mark locations.Now that the new upate is in, new features have been added. There is now a time-trial mode for the single player and multiplayer modes, which is like a built in feature for speedrunners, where you can check your friend's times, as well as the world's. This works well, in my opinion. I haven't encountered any errors, though getting into a multiplayer time trial game is pretty hard. Also, there is now a level editor! This is really easy to use, and yet beautifully complex. The menus are a bit fiddly though. Complex and challenging puzzles can and have been made and uploaded to the Steam Workshop, though a lot of these gems are surrounded by mindless garbage and maps that aren't even puzzles that somehow reach the front page.All in all, I would recommend this game to any player of any skill level. Portal 2 is a puzzle game with tons of content and replayability.+ Level editor!+ Great puzzles and puzzle elements+ Fun coop mode+ Time Trail mode's a great edition- Can be buggy9.5 / 10TL; DR: Buy it now.
It has mechs.10 / 10 would explode every single thing on the face of the earth again.
A great introduction to the rougelike genre. It also encourages gold hoarding!
The core gameplay's good, but don't buy it until they fix/ make more servers. The ping is bad pretty much from anywhere and they only have servers in NA and Europe. It's good if you live in those areas, but everyone else basically can't play because of the attrocious ping. This will be good when the servers are fixed though.
-Revel in a brilliant story, fast-paced puzzles and thrillingly designed levels in reportedly the first adventure of the action adventure platformer saga about Bob, a truly brilliant fellow from Sekotwana!-Choose your own joke!- The most fast-paced thing I could find in the game was how fast I could press the uninstall button.- First adventure? Correction: ONLY adventure! Get it? Cause there won-'t be a sequel? Cause it sucks...-  Sekotwana? More like SUCKISHtwana! Ay? Ay?You know what, don-'t choose a joke. You-'ll probably get cancer.anyway yeah dont buy teh game it sucks k bye
A funny little spoof-sort-of game with lots of pleasing little jokes and refrences that will make you say -I remember that!-. With a funny story, cute characters and witty, tongue-in-cheek dialogue, it-'s very funny and definitley screenshot-worthy at times. It-'s also at a very low price, which is always nice.The only real downsides are the fact that it is SO short, and that fact that some achievements are hidden (cheeky) but this is a minor gripe, as there are many steam guides on them if you want them. I would recommend this to people who just want to have a casual game with the occasional laugh. :)+ Very funny+ A suprisingly interesting upgrade system- A bit too shortMy Score: 6.5/10
