My IMO score: 10/10Why?Don't have to answer Roman's calls anymore because he isn't in the game.Seriously though here are my points:Story: I haven't played it yet but based on my brother's gameplay,it is really well crafted and very unpredictable except for some parts. There are also a lot of twists in the story.The inclusion of 3 protagonists was also done very good with each of their respective Special Abilities. Cheat codes are fun too!Online: I played about 99% of my time in Online. The community as I expected is SOS or shoot-on-sight kind of players so you don't really have a room for making friends. The real fun comes when you are playing with your friends. The jobs are actually good and make a really stable source of money.Beware though,vehicles are very pricey and it will be a while until you bought your first legitimate vehicle.  It will still be longer before you bought your first apartment too! Although they are very expensive, they give you a safe haven from the rampaging players that shoot you down with no remorse. They also give your owned cars a safe place where other players can't blow them up and you have to call the Insurance company to get it back. The most expensive ones looks something that only Iron Man can buy,hell, the Garage already looks like a house.HEISTS:  my favourite part of Online. They are cooperative missions that need good teamplay and effective communications. The succeeding heists after the first one are extremely hard without teamwork but it really feels good once you bring home the bacon. It gives you a darn lot of money especially if you are heist leader (I got 200k once). The problem is that most of the players who joins your heists are 1). Noobs who cant do ♥♥♥♥. 2.) People who don't know what to do. 3.) people who Perform their roles poorly and 4.)just incompetent ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who sit around ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ while you and possibly others are getting ♥♥♥♥♥ by the police. However, when someone you know or trust gets together on one crew, you can have actually fun and it doesn't even feel that you are competing. You also burn through heists quickly and you level up fast. Optimization: Hell, this console port doesn't even feel like it! Truly the PC Master Race has prevailed. The graphics looks very beautiful. The streets and cities are very lively. The effects are truly stunning. All this runs on my decent laptop with the following specifications:GTX 860M(Single)Intel Core i7-4710HQ 2.5Ghz-3.416 GB RAM.It runs around 40-60 FPS on Very High settings with no AA and on 1920x1080!There is a little stuttering and screen tearing but it isn't really noticeable and it is just probably my eyes getting damaged from playing GTA V constitently.Well, that's all I could say for this review. This review will be updated as the game also updates on PC
My first hour of Rust.Spawned in radiation zone and died within seconds.I got banged by a rock to the face.I built my first shelter.I died from coldness.I tried to kill wolf with rock,failed.I got killed by zombie.I got chased by zombie.I got chased by wolf and came across a bear.Someone helped me and killed wolf.And got some resources.I got chicken meat out of wolf :PI ate chicken meat. I was poisoned.I died hungry.10/10 would do again
A very good game for builders,Minecraft players and persons with creative minds out there.It totally beats other sandbox games because in Garry's Mod you can do almost anything.Sure other times it crashes but hey,its your computer'/community addons' fault if you crash.Sure it gets boring playing around with the vanilla one after a while but you can  still download some addons in the workshop which makes the game more interesting.Tired of playing sanbox?Play other gamemodes then.There are many gamemodes in the game that will surely liven up your game and all of these are just only a fraction of Garry's Mod awesomness.
Destroyed 32 T-34s,10 recon choppers,10 T-64s,15 Mobile SAMs and 1 FOB with a single platoon of M1A2(HC)Abrams 10/10 would ♥♥♥♥ Stalin again.
