A great game if you enjoy Turn Based Strategy gameplay and the stealth is well implemented.
I feel like a lot of reviews have been nagging on the technical short comings of this game alone rather than looking at the game as, you know a game. To be honest, great gameplay. It takes what made Blood Money such a good game, and combines them with the parts that absolution did correctly to get the best gameplay in the series. You'd have to be a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ to deny the fact that some very poor decisions went into this games technical side (locking off the texture options, always online) But you'd have to be equally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to deny the games fantastic gameplay. Ultimately if you honestly can't look past the technical decisions because you:a) don't have a stable internet connectionb) are a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ from /v/c)are just looking to get angry at somethingthen don't buy this game. However if you liked Blood money and/or Absolution (or you know good games in general) grab the intro pack at least.
It's Like Eve Online without simplified and without the Online, so nothing like Eve online.
This is a fantastic game. The most fun playing a game in a long time, the simple act of going to point A and getting rid a gunch of goons is infinetly more enjoyable than in and majority of AAA games. Gunplay feels better than any game in the Deus ex series, so unlike Human revolution it never feels like a chore to go into a level loud. Intricate maze like level design is one of the big factors as to why gameplay is so good as even in the smallest of rooms you steel feel free to do what you want. This doesn't just apply to the main story either as each sidequest feels full and well thoughtout with interesting characters and difficult situations.The game's story however falls flat, feeling like it is missing a prologue and an extra few chapters added to the end. Which is sad because Human revolution Felt like a self contained story, this just feels like an intro to a more interesting story. However I think that a lot of the ideas the game explores are complicated and it is probably the deepest plot your going to get in a AAA game.Most of the reviews on here speak in hyperbole, it's a good game, a worthy sequel to what was one of the best games last generation.
