Great game, a load of different gamemodes (my personal fav is ttt). It never gets old. You can do pretty much everything in this game, from killing your fellow terrorists to watching youtube videos on the big screen with friends; to moving ragdolls all over the place to breaking out of prison! There's just so much to choose from! Overall:Pros:Diverse Gameplay, tons of different gamemodes and creative design.Cons: Graphics should get a remake, A lot of maps must be downloaded manually.I think everyone should get this game, it was definitely worth the money!
If you liked Super Smash Bros...You'll uh, probably, maybe like this game too. It's a great game, no doubt. The character and weapon choices are fairly low,  although bearing in mind it's still in early access, this game is worth your while. As with all games, because it's free, where can you go wrong? It only takes 15 minutes to download, too.tl;dr: Great game with almost no cons, great to play with a  bunch of friends.
hahahahah what am i doing with my lifeif apples are actually pears, and purple aliens inhabit venus, then i'd give this game:63 iphone chargers out of 72 expired milk cartons.good day to you.
simple story, face paced action filled gameplay. a ♥♥♥♥ ton of guns, bad guys and finish offs. whats not to love?oh, yeah. your r key is going to break within a few hours of gameplay.10/10 would press r to restart again
Amazing game with great visuals (even though it's 4 years old!!). And the story is just so good...It shows how big Aperture Science really is and ya even get to see some history in the first facilities of Aperture.11/10 would buy again
Great mechanics, storyline and characters. Versus mode is a blast, especially when you play as the infected! 8.5/10 would buy again
Really fun game with nice graphics. A little hard to understand at first, but once you do it is a really fun game. I was hooked on it for a couple months after it became a little dull, as it is repetitive. Great and unique game to try out!
