Team Fortress 2 is a extremely fun FREE 2 play game. I strongly recommend you play TF2 if your into first person shooters and fun strategic games. TF2 offers a massive variety of game modes to choose from, some of these great modes include capture the flag, payload (push a cart to a marked area) control points and the list goes on and on. Whilst TF2 has many game modes it also offers 9 classes with special play styles. The classes include, scout, soldier, pyro, demoman, heavy, engineer, medic, sniper, and spy. Personally, my favourite class would be the sneaky Frenchman spy. The reason behind this is because the spy offers such a different play style compared to the other classes. For example, the spy can disguise as ally and opponents, can cloak to become invisible, instant kill people with a knife from behind and can sap enemy engineer buildings. All classes include a fascinating story line and have hilarious personalities. I strongly believe that all first person shooter lovers should play Team Fortress 2
Overall Rating: 8.5/10After watching many youtubers play this game i thought it would be worth picking up and boy was i right. The concept of the game is as follows, you must scavenge around some kind of test island and battle opponenets with what you can get, the point system is called F.U.N.C or Flexible Universal Nano Compound (God knows how they thought of that game) basically every kill, loot monument you enter and recycling items at a recycler earns you F.U.N.C you can use F.U.N.C to call in an airdrops which contains loot, heal yourself up, open loot crates or craft items. The idea of a fully dedicated game to the hunger games or battly royale is awesome. The combat is probably the best ive seen from a game this year, it offers the ability to block, push, throw and hit. Add in stamina and strategy is brought into this game, the combat is the best ive seen from a survival game and offers a marker between brawns and brains. Another cool feature is being able to customise your character with a lot of depth, ecspecially clothing. Being able to choose your own perks which are very distinct from one another is also a nice feature. Overall this game will defenitely keep me playing and i really look into the future of where they decide to develop this game, in my opinion another map and more perks/airdrops would be nice, but hey its only in early alpha
A better version of Far Cry 4
When a body dies, flies swarm the corpse, you can't shoot or hit them with a melee weapon, 0/10IGN worst game known to humanity.
Overall rating- 8/10after sinking in 8 hours on the release day i had noticed a lot of small problems. First of all, most short and basic animations are extremely pour, lets start off with the search animation. Upon killing an enemy you can hold down E to loot them, the animation is you put your hand on their body for one and a half seconds and Whala youve just got 2 logs of wood. Now, i won't go off naming all the animations which i thought they could've done a much better job, especially Ubisoft. When i watched the trailer and found out you could tame beasts I immediately got super hyped and expected this game to be the best in the franchise yet, however the taming concept of the game is extremely pour. Throwing a piece of bait, an animal approaches, you crouch up to the animal hold down E and thats it. What does make it somewhat ok is you need to invest your skill points which you acquire via leveling up which is done by completing missions, events and so on. One thing they did an amazing job on though was keeping me lost in the game, i never wanted to stop playing for everytime a got a new beast or crafted a new weapon i got a amusing sensation which no other Far Cry game pleased me so much with. The crafting aspect of this game is decent, compared to Far Cry 4 is much better. In the previous game crafting was only done by skinning animals, Far Cry Primal includes skinning animals and gathering resources including, different types of wood, different types of stone, slate, reeds and much more. Overall the cinematic captures this game offers are fascinating including the opening scene really got my heart racing. One thing which was quite annoying was the map. The landscape was done well however, the texture was all the same, from the snow to the forest the ground all looked like the same texture. To conclude, Far Cry Primal was a good game which i am still happy with, i will most likely having over one hundred hours on this game hence it is still amazing even though it has a couple ups and downs.
Sean Murray should put a toothpick under is big toenail and kick a concrete wall as hard as he can.
I r8 8/8 m8 so gr8
A much more modern and touched version of Skyrim
game of the year for 2007
such meme
