http://youtu.be/JK6clRDBwzQFirst person shooter rogue-like games are absolutely rubbish, mostly due to the lack of polish and performance. They are usually clunky and under perform in every instance, but Ziggurat has blown that whole misconception out of the water. This nicely polished game has been developed by the independent team over at Milkystone studios and they have struck gold with the development of this title. Ziggurat came up out of the blue for me and I absolutely love that, being able to trawl through the steam store and finding gems like this is fantastic. With all the flaws steam has it redeems itself with creating a platform for indie developers to showcase their games. You take control of a character that possess different abilities which aid you through your adventure or disadvantage you in some cases. As with most rogue-like games the difficulty scales upwards when you venture deeper into the dungeon, enemies become more complex and you need to formulate strategies to progress or with WILL die. The game revolves around magic which makes for a great foundation for a rogue-like. Exploring deeper into the dungeon you find perks that enhance your character, examples include, increasing mana pools, health, damage or speed, finding secret rooms, sacrificing resource for luck or other resources.  The amount of customization of your character is endless which makes for amazing replayability. The levels are randomly generated like most rogue-like titles are. Venturing through these dungeons you can come across any number of rooms such as; labyrinths, trap rooms, secrets and other mysterious encounters. Finding secrets is one of the most thrilling things you can do in any rogue-like, but in Ziggurat finding secret rooms reward you with perks that are usually only obtainable through levelling up which just adds to the enjoyment or frustration when you eventually die and lose everything that you had. Ziggurat also has some puzzle and platforming elements which are actually integrated pretty well into the title. Discovering a lava room with some moving platforms makes the player realize that this game is not all about killing monsters and obtaining loot, but more of a mental challenge as well. Having enemies with depth and varied abilities is almost a staple in any great rogue-like game, this demands the player to tackle the room in different ways to counter the enemy types. No one play through will ever be the same due to this feature. Enemies range from murderous carrots all the way to giant blue blobs which will devour you if you’re stupid enough to approach it. When entering the dungeon you are given a stock standard wand that does suffice for the first level or two, but the game really starts to get interesting when you need better weapons for the upcoming fights; so you desperately look in every last corner for weapons and spells that will make you so much stronger than you were before.  The mana pool is in 4 separate parts; purple, orange, blue and green. These colours represent what kind of damage is dished out by the different weapons that use the respective mana pool. MANA is depleted extremely fast which makes for some daring decisions to run head on into enemies to grab that extra mana that is needed for you to use your magic. The game looks amazing; the texture quality of pretty much everything has this kind of cartoony feel about it, but it also has a great feel and atmosphere towards it. The model design is quite good also, having many close encounters with the enemies you can see that the design quality is very high and this is something that usually falls behind when talking about FPS Rogue-likes, but Ziggurat pulls it off quite nicely. Finding loot is probably the most exciting part of the game. Finding items and perks for the first time always creates mystery to the run. Being able to apply different weapons to your strategy and rotation makes you play differently in every room. The weapons feel awesome, the weight and different specifications of each spell and weapon makes for a good time. If you’re into FPS or rogue-like games you should definitely check out this title even if it’s just for the innovation alone, you will not be disappointed. The mixture of great level design, graphics, sound quality and great loot really makes for a fun experience. 
An uninspired rogue-like platformer with unpolished and half ♥♥♥♥♥ graphic design. I feel embarrassed for the Spelunky developers due to the clumping together of these two titles but it is quite necessary to note a game that does the genre extremely well to one like 99 levels to hell that falls very short on production value and polish. The feel of movement in the game does not flow in the way that one would expect it to. The physics system is horrible to a point where at level 20 I fell from the top of the level to the bottom without taking any damage what so ever. Assets of the game look to be drawn by a 6 year old (at best) where some texture qualities look quite well done. If you are still unconvinced to not buy this game watch the video in the review. Free to Play or no play at all. Play Spelunky or The binding of Isaac for a more immersive and in-depth feel to a rogue-like. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VghweD3h8EA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WA77HSGk0FAZombie games have really come into their own during the last decade; I for one enjoy picking up a zombie survival game now and then just to cause havoc throughout the world. The idea of an open world survival zombie game isn't new and to be honest the last few games such as H1Z1 and Day Z have been somewhat of a letdown due to unfinished content or their empty promises. Dying Light feels like a push in the right direction for all those who try to master the survival zombie genre.Now I can honestly say this game plays more like a Far Cry or a Dead Island game more so than a true survival game we've been forced fed over the past few years, but I am really quite happy about that. When an open world survival game such as H1Z1 is released I feel discouraged when playing for a few hours only to realize that I am playing a very unfinished game with little to no polish what so ever. Opening up an AAA title such as Dying Light makes the experience so much more enjoyable when things just work.The campaign showcases the game which is great to see. Instead of hand holding quests and boring gathering missions the game tries to introduce different elements to the user with every quest. The player can experience most of the game’s content without having to do the campaign, but if the player wants an explanation or reasoning behind elements of the game they can find out through side quests and story missions. For example, experiencing night for the first time was a daunting experience due to not knowing what the hell going on, but completing some story missions I find out that “volatiles” appear during the night and are pretty much zombies on steroids and 52 red bulls.The story plays out well, set in the fictional city Harran. You come across survivors that feel like survivors not just random people who found a gun on the side of the road. The story throws you in the midst of a war between a rebel-ish faction and a pure survivalist clan. I was surprised to see the scare factor really got to me during some story missions. One mission when exploring an abandoned school had me expecting jump scares around every corner. Weaving and ducking around corners only to die from a rebel wielding an axe.Character development and interaction is another highlight, I usually find myself disagreeing with the protagonist in these types of games, but the background of the main character is pretty strong even in the diplomatic situation he finds himself in. The typical character types are throughout the game as well, the boss man with the ridiculously big chest tattoo, the kid who needs to prove himself, tough female combat commando and the old man who just wants everyone to be friends.The free running aspect of the game is pretty enjoyable, if mirrors edge was your thing, but you found it a little too easy, Dying Light would be right up your ally. Not knowing if that jump is a little too far or if the roof was going to collapse is a fun experience when throwing hordes of zombies into the mix. There really is no limitation on what can be scaled or leaped from, which is what I really do enjoy about open world titles such as Dying Light.The night and day cycle is pretty great. The game gives you an opportunity to sleep through the night at a safe house or roam the streets at night, risking those pesky volatiles and hordes of stealthy zombies. Planting a flashlight in your hand, the game wants you to venture out during the night, I am still unsure if free running on the tops of buildings or sneaking through the cover of darkness is the way to go when dealing with night time. It is a dynamic change up in the way the game plays and functions from day to night and would most definitely recommend going out at night and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ your pants when a volatile gets a hold of you.I usually have an issue with AI in games like this, but Dying Light really showed me how smart zombies can actually be. The way that the zombies move can range in speed, but they always seem to flank me when I least expected it. Different zombies have the ability to climb up walls to meet you for some fisty cuffs on rooftops and other can spit vile fluids at you from below.Like Totalbiscuit, I too can be prone to sickness from staring at a game with a smaller field of vision. It is true that Dying Light has a FOV slider which can dramatically help with headaches and eye strain, but unfortunately in this case it also came with some bugs when doing so. Changing the FOV to full caused NPCs to oddly pause as they go off-screen in cinematic and perform weird combat animations that interrupted combos. These bugs aren’t game breaking, but it took me out of this amazing world of zombies and made me think about climbing an invisible pole due to the FOV slider.Three talent trees add some unique gameplay, which felt like it would be needed if the game became stale after 60 hours or so. Splitting the trees up into survivor, agility and combat was a smart idea to allow the player to focus on one aspect if it seems to be lacking. Skill points are generated by experience which can be farmed if need be.Now the combat is where the game in my opinion becomes difficult. As an experiment, I tried to lure as many zombies as I could see if we had another Batman: Arkham style combat system, whereby only one enemy could attack at once and if it could be possible to defeat whole armies. Nope, I got squashed. Combat is hard and I haven’t seen anything quite like it in a while. I was lucky enough to find a gun in the first few hours of gameplay, but with the very (very) limited ammo around I only had about 14 shots. Using melee weapons I found myself running away from most hordes of zombies and that is what I really wanted from this game.The crafting system is pretty stock standard; you can buy or find different blueprints which permanently allow you to craft a weapon. With the amount of resources around the world, it was quite easy to craft very simple weapons without feeling the need to bash zombies over the head with only fists. An issue I found with the weapon system was how expandable the weapons are. Buying weapons from the vendor seemed quite pointless due to the repairing mechanic whereby once a weapon cannot be repaired anymore it is rendered useless.Dying Light was pretty much the game I wanted; I got a little too scared at times, but it added to the frustration upon death and the sense of self worth when completing a difficult task. Not being a fan of the under developed zombie games floating around, Dying Light was an extremely fun time and I don’t think I will stop playing anytime soon. If you're into Parkour and zombies I suggest picking up this game and killing some infected with friends or just by yourself.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7DKnECmWGIThe Binding of Isaac is actually code for crystal meth if you’ve never played a game in the series before. The previous Binding of Isaac title was the game that introduced me to Rogue-lite games which are like crystal meth for me. I would stay up all night trying to shoot poop and stab my mother's heart with the butcher knife. If you hadn’t already guessed The Binding of Isaac is one of those weird Indie games you have been hearing so much about. The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is the redesigned version of the original game. Most consider the game to be a sequel due to the increased arsenal of items and the increased enemy pool. You find yourself stuck in a basement gathering items to slay your evil mother and escape the labyrinth you find under the house quite like the original game. The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is built on secrets and overall game progression. Beating the game over and over again under different circumstances can unlock different endings and items. This is where the game really does shine, the item catalogue is absolutely huge with over 300 items that can randomly appear in any one of your play through, this makes for an extraordinary amount of reliability. The impact this has on the game is noticeable when looking at the stats menu. The game teases you by showing the amount of secrets just waiting to be found. This is what makes The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth such a good game. The amount of randomness in the title is in perfect balance with level progression and it just does not get boring with repetitive game play. Synergistic item combos improve the experience of the game more than anything else. Edmund McMillan, the creator of Isaac said that he was disappointed with the performance of the previous game and that he wanted more customization from the items that you can pick up throughout the game. The past title had limitations due to the nature of Flash, but this title has been coded and developed by Edmund’s team from the ground up with really does show. The music is just creepy as all hell, Edmund and the guys over at Team Meat had a huge emphasis towards the soundtrack of The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth with music developed by Ridiculon. The tracks range from awesome retro beats to haunting tunes that add to boss fights of those weirdly empty rooms that you just want to run away from. The album itself is a must for any bit tune collector. The thing about The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is that every play through will never be the same as the one before. From the get go you are placed in a randomly generated dungeon with one guaranteed item. These items have individual pools which they can be pulled from. Most items can be found in a generic universal pool, but some items are only accessible by risking health, money or even consumables such as bombs or keys.  This adds to the risk versus rewards systems most rogues-lite have these days and it enhances the player’s experience with the game. Anyone can pick this game up and give it a go which is the great thing about indie games as well as Rogue-Lite titles. Edmund is a weird guy, and it shows from all of the weird enemy encounters and items throughout the game. The concept of Isaac is creepy enough, but throw in abortion references and very low brow comedy can really turn people away from the title; even Total Biscuit had said “( binding of Isaac) is like a creepy ♥♥♥ horror movie”. That is what makes the game work so well, lifting the lid on all of the unmentionables of life and throwing it into a game just works. The game itself should satisfy anyone who loved the previous title with the new items, character and enemies throughout the game. It is like going from normal crystal meth to the blue meth Walter White cooks. If you’re new to rogue-Lite games and want to try something weird and crazy, pick up The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth and you will not be disappointed. 
Sum up - Good - Expensive - iOS portPlague Inc. is an iOS game around the $5 mark (or your regional equivalent), in saying this a price mark up of $10 is not something that a lot of people may think kindly to but if you do enjoy death simulators or something that involves logical thinking with SOME dynamic game play, pick it up for the $15 or wait for the sale. The game involves evolving a plague (many to choose from) to eradicate the human race. The gameplay is created from number crunching and strategic thinking towards the extinction of the human population. Graphic quality is not great in this title, little is able for customisation but the requirements for the title to run are quite minimum. This is an early access as stated before and buyer should beware of this. Many game states and even options are still under development and only those who want to be involved in the development and social process of the game should buy it pre full release. Features such as multiplayer and scenarios are not completely functioning. There are two tiers of multiplayer in my opinion; the first consists of leaderboards and the social network sharing, the second tier consists of the incomplete multiplayer mode which can only speculate to be a completive mode that heads you against another player in real-time (hopefully). Game play itself is identical to the iOS predecessor; you infect one country to begin with and mutate/evolve the plague to achieve total annihilation of the human race and ultimately winning the game. At the end of the game scoring does occur which allows you a placement on the leaderboards. For more information do check out my Perception check video on this title! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TGuHpx5gHQs&feature=youtu.be
There are some extremely smart people in this world. https://np.reddit.com/r/NoMansSkyTheGame/comments/4xk0od/fix_for_video_card_without_opengl_45/Download and install GLIntercept -x64- to programfiles https://github.com/dtrebilco/glintercept/releases/download/1.3.3/GLInterceptx64_1_3_3.exeCopy OpenGL32.dll from GLIntercept installation folder to the game binaries folderDownload this config file for GLIntercept (Right click and save as ) https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/17900579/gliConfig.iniCopy the ini file downloaded to the binaries folder for the gamei edited it myself to disable logging and adding all opengl extensions and override opengl version to 4.5 & shader version language also to 4.5Edit : Formatting and clearer stepsEDIT2 : please make sure that the installion path for GLIntercept is C:--Program Files--GLInterceptx64_1_3_3-- or change the ini manually to different locationENJOY !
