Out of all the games that came out in 2013, Arkham Origins arguably had the most potential to fail. A new studio working on their first full game, A complete recasting of the iconic voice actors, and making it a prequel story, were all very risky things for this game. Initially I was worried that this game simply wouldnt be able to live up to the expectations set by it's predecessors. I am SO happy that I was wrong.Somehow, despite all the factors working against it, this game manages to perform on a level that sometimes matches that of Arkham city. While the world is not nearly as interesting as City (even though it is bigger) and some of the assassins and villains not getting as much of the spotlight deserved, Arkham Orgins makes up for it with an engrossing and captivating story that addresses batman's obsession with working alone, his brash and violent approach and his stubborness with the justice system, and through the new yet familiar game mechanics. I was pleasently surprised witht he performance of the new voive actors. Rodger Craig-Smith broings a completly new angle to the Dark Knight, with his voice highlighting the impatiant and angry attitude of this younger batman that simply wasn't there in Kevin Smith's approach. The biggest surprise was Troy Baker's Joker, which astounded me beyond all others. the realisation that the same voice of Booker (Bioshock Infinite), Joel (The Last of Us), and Delsin (Infamous Second Son) made a Joker that on multiple times made me mistake him for Mark Hamill (The original Joker in the Arkham Series)To put it short, if you are an Arkham fan, or even a batman fan in general,  BUY THIS GAME. You'll get a much greater kick out of it if you have played past installments (Batman Arkham Asylum, Batman Arkham City) becuase of the prequel approach and the references, but all can get a lot of great hours from this game.Even though Arkham Origins is obviously a filler game to appease fans while Rocksteady works on thier 'next-gen' Arkham installment, it is still very much worthy of the Arkham title.
