The game where skins are importantThe game where in arguments, kills is more important than actual logical factsThe game where you get kicked if you have to clutch when everybody's deadThe game where if you're bad, you get kickedThe game where if you're lagging or has a bad internet, you get kickedThe game where voice chat is always loudThe game where everyone rages at everything you do.Best game 10/10
You know the DRILL... Write a review.Now this game gives a Hox-tonne of fun, but will make you feel like you-'ve lost a lot of Bain cells. There is nothing Vlad about this game but there are limited things you can do and it feels like your hands are locked with Chains but that-'s Dallas thing you want to happen, getting behind bars but you-'ll get Houstonever get locked up once you played the game too much but don-'t believe that a four-leaf Clover will get you out quickly out of prison and if you do, howl like a Wolf. If you like being quiet then there is this Sokol-ed -stealth- where you can do everything without the cops Bulldozing their way in and try to kill you. What happens when you finish a heist? Well you should get in a bath and grab some candles and light up the Wick because you just felt the heat of a Dragan.Then tomorrow, grab a Jacket and go to the Butcher and get some meat once you-'re done eating make sure you go to your local Dentist just in-case you were hit by an Elephant on your way to the Butcher. You might feel a bit Twitch-y after wards.I-'ll let my self out..
I dont like this game
The game is pretty fun, the graphics are great and the gameplay is pretty interesting. -Free Roam-Great Combat Mechanic-Easy keyboard controls-Puzzles-Stealth-And of course, you play as batman (and other characters with boobs)You play as Batman in Arkham City, fighting criminals and saving yourself from a danger (Don't wanna spoil it.)You fight famous and noticeable enemies such as Joker, Harley Quinn, Dr Freeze, Penguin and of course, Two Face.After you finish the game, you are allowed to free-roam, beat people up and just do something Batman would (or wouldn't) do. I haven't seen anything bad about this game. It's hard to navigate through places sometimes or you don't know where to go. (I spent a whole 10 minutes trying to find where Cat Woman's apartment is only to find out you have to crawl into a window.) Over all, it's a great game. Sadly there's no customization options but other than that, it's pretty fun.
LS: Queue Position: 1000+. Estimated Wait: 1002s.Haven't played it yet... I'm still waiting....
Alright, time to write  yelp review...All I have to say is, -You should be used to the disappointment-Overall, fun game, great community and simply time-munching.
