Can't get wifu in real life but can get wifu in stardew valley. 10/10 would buy again for virtual wifu. c:
Had tons of fun before i switched over to windows 10. Alot of people are also having problems playing on windows 10, so if you are on windows 10 be careful because it might not work.----- I actually had alot of fun on battle royal, so did alot of people and why h1z1 was popular and the devs took that in account and decide to do the thing that would make the players angry.Seprate the battle royal mode and the surival mode and charge $24 for each game. Yes you heard me, 24 dollars for each bloody game. Even though if u originally owned the game you wouldnt need to buy battle royal again that means for new players it-'s really daunting. If you havn-'t checked out - The culling - it is a better version and a better vision for what a battle royal game should be. --- DO NOT BUY --
GET SHOT AT, SHOOT BACK, 360 NO SCOPE, FALL FROM A ROCK AND PRETEND TO BE A BIRD, THIS GAME HAS IT ALL. IMAGINE CALL OF DUTY AND MINECRAFT HAS A BABY, THIS IS WHAT YOU GET! 100% RECOMMAND. -BETTER THEN CLUB PENGUIN-gREAT GAME!
Have really enjoyed this game, through the bad times and good times. Playing with friends and laughing about the kills and deaths is what it is about. The Dec-'s for this game are truly remarkable, really active on -Reddit- and really do listen to peoples opinions. First two weeks of released the people have asked for -oceanic- and -eu- servers and we got the eu servers within a week and oce severs a week after. The combat is fun but can be stressful at times, guns are really strong but take alot of time and energy to obtain. Even if you do obtain a gun theres only a few rounds in it. The cosmatics are all given to you for free for playing a round and depending how well you do or don-'t is how rare your loot is. The Dev-'s also have a website where you can put in your votes as too what is important and what needs to be added into the game asap. Overall i-'ll say if you like battle royal games and love having a laugh with a friend while they get brutally beaten with a stick, this game is for you!Edit:I recommended this game when it first released but unfortunately i cannot recommand it anymore, with every patch comes a new problem and it has drove away many players. Theres a delay even though i-'m playing on the oce server (live in nz), takes forever to find a game now. I understand the dev-'s are trying to make the game better but they seriously need to get the game to a stable state before releasing more content.TLDR: game worked before now it-'s laggy and it takes forever to find a game.
11/10 would fail school again.
Pretty fun side game, very challanging and can get fastruating at times. 10/10 would pay .74cents again.
