Metro: Last Light has the revamped but faithful aesthetic that all sequels do and a hint of the brooding quality of 2033, but sadly, Last Light has the texture of nothing more than an expansion for the original masterwork. Last Light's main attraction, the campaign, holds an uneven tale that varies from clichéd to thrilling, but it chiefly favours the middle ground of these two. The first half to 3 quarters of the story lacks the startling originality and intense, desolate air 2033 portrayed to remarkable effects; but with the gritty and grimy ambiance used as a crutch, Last Light stays above water and carries the player through with few articulate qualms save the dated AI and unabashed exposition present in almost every encounter. It is when we reach the final act in Last Light that things begin to crack and crumble. A rushed conclusion pooled with little climax creates a palpable sense of disheartenment, as if our long, winding journey towards this heavily anticipated finale was a waste of time. Alas, this disappointment is what I ultimately walked away from Last Light with; a spasmodically engrossing but stilted phase in the Metro series. Gunplay and environments are barely worth mentioning as they follow the same archetypal structure of their predecessor, but with slightly improved graphics caked over the top. The main resonating feature in Last Light is sadly displeasure -- but then again, it would be a miracle for this game to even come close to the staggering uniqueness and darkness that Metro 2033 was best known for.6.5/10(I'm only recommending this because a thumbs down is a bit too harsh.)
Bad Company 2 is a more than acceptable instalment in the acclaimed Battlefield series. The game features a solid, enjoyable campaign that visits varied locations and harnesses an abundant range of weapons which raise the quality of what could otherwise be a stereotypical, conventional and ultimately dull set of missions. Movements and gunplay is fairly smooth and rarely descends into frustrating territory. Locations pop with colour and life, and there's a bona-fide sense of realism present throughout the environment, even when the mission you are completing is anything but. The real highlight and the most popular aspect of Bad Company 2 is the immensely popular multi-player mode. With it's vast maps, unique and diverse arsenal of weapons and great team mechanics, Bad Company 2's multi-player triumphs over its counterpart and frequently compared franchise Call of Duty in many respects. Teams feel more close-knit and dependant on each other than most other multi-player games and locations feel more expansive too. Moments of tension and anticipation, speculating what your opponents will attempt next are nail bitingly pleasant. Making tactical decisions and planning your movements requires more brain-power and strategizing than what may be expected, but when your plan achieves success, the feeling of jubilation is unmatched. It really is a game mode most enjoyed with friends who enjoy planning out their moves and attempting to execute them with precision. And with an addictive levelling up system, you'll find it hard to pull yourself away.Bad Company 2 is a great game and is a genuine classic in the shooter genre. With it's gradually decreasing popularity thanks to the newer instalments in the Battlefield franchise, it's a smart idea to purchase this while the game's community is still thriving. 8.5/10(Written a while ago)
Home is described as a horror but plays more like a murder mystery type game. It's fantastic at telling you its story and everything that you do in the game, affects the end result. Don't expect any combat, tricky puzzles, multiplayer or even voice acting, but expect a detailed narrative that keeps your mind ticking well after the credits have rolled.
