NEUTRAL Rating:I wish Steam had a NEUTRAL RATING for games that could possibly swing either way on their recommendation.For those with high-end systems w/ around 4 GB VRAM or more: HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.For those below high-end systems w/ weaker video cards: NOT RECOMMENDED AT ALL.PC Performance WARNING:Let-'s get this right up-front & out of the way: this game is not optimized well at all. As many of you probably know, Batman: Arkham Knight PC is certainly not regarded as the best PC version out there. VERY far from it. If you have a lower video-card, you might want to wait for this game to either get majorly fixed + overhauled; mess around w/ the INI files (at your own risk); and/or just buy a 4GB VRAM video card (or better). This game is an absolute royal VRAM hog - so if you want a 1080p experience on Normal settings or higher, you might need more VRAM. Many looking for a 1080p experience are going to find that they need a lot of VRAM to run this game or are going to have run it at lower resolutions (such as 720p), if they can even run it worth a damn.There-'s also the thing that while the you can unlock the INI files to remove the 30 frame cap at your own risk, you might want to have other frame-limiting programs (think RivaTuner, EVGA Precision X, etc) to control it if you need, just in case it might have framerate drops + rises. I stuck w/ the 30 FPS cap b/c it run quite well on my system (i7 950 @ 3.02 Ghz; 16 GB DDR3 RAM; 4 GB VRAM GeForce GTX 960; Win 7 64-bit), sticking often b/t 25-30 frames consistently no matter what at 1920x1080 (1080p). With the 1st part of graphics settings on Normal & NVidia GameWorks settings all Off, this game was eating anywhere from 3000-4000 MB of VRAM, depending on what was happening in-game. With 1st part of settings on High + NVidia Gameworks stuff set to Off, this game was eating often 3700MB to almost 4GB of VRAM.PC Performance WARNING - ADDENDUM -> July 3, 2016:This is an update to both my performance w/ this game, since changing my PC specs a bit, moving to -4GB- GTX 970 installed. IMHO, even with the latest patch-'s 60FPS cap option - this game STILL performs horribly with it unlocked. Constant rises & drops like a roller coaster ride at any moment, b/t the 30 & 60FPS mark. This was also very similar on my 4GB 960 from its most recent patch, BTW - but it certainly isn-'t as nightmarish on a 970. It-'s pretty bad & 1 of the most unoptimized PC games since Gothic 3. Seriously, stick with 30FPS cap.The Actual Game REVIEW:Batman: Arkham Knight is Rocksteady-'s 3rd entry into the Batman: Arkham series. This game is absolutely huge, offering up new additions, new features, a lot to do & a ridiculously huge game-world. For every new few awesome elements, there-'s also something setting this game back a bit. B/c of namely gameplay repetition, awesome ideas winding up only half-baked and never coming to fruition - Arkham Knight never really lives up to the level & consistency that both the insanely fresh + original Arkham Asylum had & the extremely refined + expansive-ness of Arkham City. Throw on top that most people have had issues trying to run this game b/c it is such a VRAM hog - and you have a game that is aiming for the kitchen sink, succeeding a good portion of the time...when it all actually works.For the most part, the typical Batman story. Scarecrow causes a bunch of havoc in Gotham, so Batman has to come to save the city. Surely, that-'s just the start of it, as many of the villains have came out of the woodworks to either help Scarecrow or just join in on their own in the madness. Without going into Spoiler Territory, I-'ll just leave it at that - as this game is and can be so much more than that; especially in the later parts of the game. The voice-acting from the cast is absolutely excellent + again brings the Arkham series to life. The game really over-uses + over-abuses the Batmobile in the Main Quest. Seriously, the game OD-'s on one of the most not-so-fleshed aspects of the game. The Batmobile needs more gameplay elements + weapons (since they used it so much in the game); more enemy types when in the Batmobile (killing the same old drones gets boring); Batmobile puzzles can range to from fun + cool w/ obvious puzzles to downright annoying & frustrating w/ harder puzzles + especially when some of the longer puzzles really break-up the game-'s pacing a bit much; and those Batmobile stealth missions (whether on-foot and avoiding tanks or in the Batmobile sneaking up behind tanks) just can be frustrating and eventually boring.The best stuff this game has to offer includes the usual Batman: Arkham series thing - being Batman. When not in combat, just being Batman + in his boots is also an absolute blast. Whether just zipping around from rooftop-to-rooftop or just driving the new tank-like version of the Batmobile with nothing in your way, this stuff is just awesome + cool. Let-'s not forget about the other awesome part of being Batman: the combat system. As always, fighting enemies here is a blast...for the most part. It-'s a joy to be Batman, when in combat - zipping around enemies, sneaking up on enemies & setting traps up and springing those on them. And when that doesn-'t work entirely, there-'s the excellent combat system. The rhythmic combat style here is just awesome, just like it-'s always been. With the addition of some new moves, new allies & new things up its sleeve - the combat itself here is better than ever here in Batman: AK.Though, they (Rocksteady) really didn-'t learn much from their past games Arkham Asylum + Arkham City, which didn-'t have great boss fights - and often, those boss fights were repetitive. And, they didn-'t learn when WB Montreal did Batman: Arkham Origins, which has the best boss fights in the Arkham series. Some of the new boss fights in Arkham Origins were very specific boss fights to each boss & had special ways to beat them - those were awesome. Batman: Arkham Knight just doesn-'t have many boss fights period, unfortunately. It-'s a shame that for every so many awesome new things, there-'s a few things dragging this game down a bit. There-'s so much awesome stuff in this game. The new Batman take-downs (whether when teamed up w/ an ally in the game for a few parts in the game or teaming w/ the Batmobile); you who can double-team enemies with your ally and you can even switch b/t at those special moments in the game and play as them. B/c this game has so many characters & so much story & plot-twists - yes, it is just so good, when it comes to that stuff. Some things that happen here are just down-right jaw-dropping. Final Thoughts:This game is so big, so huge in scope, & so epic. But, I just wish some of the annoying + repetitive stuff was optional & thrown more so into the optional side-quests, instead of feeling like often being filler in the last 1/3rd of the game-'s Main Quest - especially since so much Batmobile focus in the last 3rd of this game has brought down what could-'ve been an overall great title. After 39 hours, the Main Quest of Batman: Arkham Knight was completed - and I still have not completed every task in the game, since there are a bunch of side quests that the player can take on. Though, if you actually have the PC to handle Batman: Arkham Knight - especially if you have the VRAM to handle it - even despite its shortcomings, you definitely should give it a spin & step into Batman-'s boots. For the most part and when it-'s at its best, it-'s an awesome action title that improves on a lot of things from the previous Arkham games.Unfortunately, this title is likely also going to be remembered for WB, Iron Galaxy, and Rocksteady issuing us a very poorly optimized PC port (especially at launch); its repetitive, half-baked + overdosage of Batmobile combat sequences in the Main Quest; & lack of any real great boss fights.
Fallout 3: GOTY Edition is a fantastic package. Fallout 3 itself is a remarkable & landmark game, which even tugs at the heart w/ its Main Quest. Also, given the open-world nature of the game and its plenty of side quests to do & land to explore - this continues with making this game a remarkable & landmark game. The game will take the player plenty of hours to complete - at least probably 20+ hours. Now, this isn't even including the 5 DLC's, which also come in this package, each expanding the game at least probably 4-5 hours a piece at least. The DLC's are meaty, each often longer than most new single-player shooter games that cost full price these days! The 5 DLC's expand the game w/ more equipment, quests & areas for the player to explore - Point Lookout & The Pitt are the absolute stand-outs of the DLC's. The User Interface isn't that great, but it is decent enough to get the job done. It could be better - but, that's just a minor complaint. Simply put: if you love RPG's, you absolutely owe it to yourself to play this great game & its DLC's.Grade: A+
Risen 2 changes it main emphasis onto the pirate theme for the majority of the game & it absolutely pays off. Simply put: putting the focus on the pirating theme is excellent, as this game absolutely nails the pirates theme. From the envirionments to the actual atmosphere of the game-world and its actual inhabitants, the pirating theme here is just extremely well done + the player will get immersed into the game and its world.As always with PB's games, the level of interactivity & immersion factor is high; & NPC's run on schedules. There are choices to often make to finish quests differently, as usual. The camera is now unlocked, so moving left or right doesn't strafe. The up-side: this makes it easier to battle numerous enemies & swing directly to them. The down-side: to strafe now, you have to hold your Secondary Action key. These control changes do take some time to get used to, if you're used to Risen 1's controls. A key for rolling would've helped, since double-tapping a direction makes your character roll - which can happen accidentally. The feel of the combat itself & its controls do again feel clunky, even though this is par for the course w/ PB RPG's since Gothic 1. Even despite its few minor issues, Risen 2 is another really good RPG from PB & easy to reccommend.Grade = B
DNF has been forever in the making & has finally arrived. DNF might lack story & character depth [that's for sure] & the graphics might look 5 years OLD, but DNF surely can be a lot of fun b/c when DNF is on, DNF is on point. When it's not, well...it's not. DNF is a shooter, but it often tries to be more than a shooter - also having a puzzle-physics elements & tons of interactivity w/ objects in the game-world. The on & off early part of the SP portion might throw the player for a loop, but don't quit yet - the game gets better once you leave The Lady Killer casino...A LOT better. Later on, a few levels are pointless [the strip club] or often repetitive [the get gas 3 times for the truck mission] - which unfortunately also drag the game's quality down a quite a bit. The MP feels like a throwback to the good old days of DN3D; Quake 2 + 3 glory; and UT days, which is welcome - but, if only there were more maps & game modes. DNF certainly might not be worth the original $60 price-tag, but DNF surely is worth the $20 or less that it is often going for now. Grade: C+
It took me 2.1 hours, but Gone Home is in the books here in my 1st run-through. Might go give it another some-time, to check out the Commentary - especially since it's so short for an actual game.So, I really love the 90's atmosphere; the house + its ton of details. I felt like I took a trip back to the mid-90's and got lost into a time-wrap of some kind. Everything is pretty much not nailed down here. So - it can be picked up, locked at, examined, and moved around.And the way the story unfolds, is just great - whether by narration, from through the actual objects themselves, finding certain areas, solving some puzzles, or whatever the case might be. You basically return to an empty house and you're to find out where everyone is + why you're actually there, as everything feels up close + personal in the first-person experience. I won't go much further than that, as that could actually ruin the experience itself.Do yourself a favor: don't spent full price on this. I certainly didn't. It's a very, very short game. B/c it is so short - that could be a worthwhile reason to replay it, in case you missed something in the game, want to check the Commentary out, to know the game inside + out, want to re-explore the game, or whatever the case might be.Compared to most games on the market - Gone Home is a very different + interesting adventure game focused on exploration, loaded with a unique + ordinary 1990's atmosphere for a game that will make people that were alive in the 90's - especially those who were teens or children, during that era - relate to very easily. It will feel like you've....Gone Home, naturally. With the way the story unfolds and the way it's presented to the player - this is a trip definitely worth taking, if you don't spend the farm on such a short game.But, oh - what a grand, short little game this is!Final Grade = B.
Murdered: Soul Suspect is a very intriguing noir-style adventure-game and experience. You experience + play the game as Ronan - who is a cop that gets killed by this serial killer only known as The Bell Killer that he-'s chasing; becomes a ghost; and is trying to find out who killed him + why. Not only that, but Ronan is also trying to find out why the Killer has been also killing people. The game is set in Salem, Massachusetts - which is widely known historically for the Salem Witch Trials; and is an excellent setting for this game-'s story. Throughout the game, Ronan is on this mission of finding the killer - and embarks on this excellent story that any fan of noir, thrillers, and murder-mysteries should experience just for that alone.Ronan is a ghost. With that, Ronan comes by some interesting abilities. Ronan can jump into their bodies and possess them. Ronan can influence other NPC-'s to do things, once he has possessed them. Ronan can even possess cats and even more around in their body. Ronan can read their minds. Ronan later on can even teleport to hard to reach areas or out of danger, similar to the Blink ability in Dishonored for Corvo + Daud. In one of the most legit uses of letting your character clip through walls, doors, and even other human beings. You can manipulate objects like a poltergeist - such as TV-'s (so they go static) and printers (and knock the paper out) to distract enemies. All of this is at first very odd and strange - but this is also makes this game interesting, unique, very cool, and very different; especially once you get used to it.Unfortunately, there are stealth sequences in the game. Not that this game needed any, since they feel so half-baked and are, for the most part, not fun. A great concept is in place: since ghosts and their residue linger, you can teleport to these spots to hide. You have to avoid demons, who when nearby have a lethal scream that can damage you and even possibility kill you. If you can get behind the enemy, you can attack them and one-shot kill them - which feels like a Quick-Time Event that tells you what button + movement on the gamepad (yes, I played this with an X360 gamepad - by the way; and it played fine with that). In theory, this all sounds pretty cool - but, it really isn-'t. It-'s not executed that well. Unfortunately, these elements feel half-baked and you can die very easily. Not only that, but like many games with auto-saves, don-'t be surprised if the game reloads at place that-'s a bit away from you-'d have liked the save to have been at; and/or have to do a certain section over and over many times that really shouldn-'t need to be done again b/c the save was so poorly placed (i.e. before a cut-scene, at a long-winded walk before you reach a location where the saved should-'ve been).Sometimes, you-'ll be escorting a character safely from one spot to another - and your objective is to move + manipulate objects like a poltergeist, just to distract them so the NPC can move from one location to another. These elements are very cool and really play into the ghost theme that the game is going on in this game. These certainly were much better than the stealth elements than were in the game.When investigating crime-scenes or locations, whether on the main quest or the very few story-based side-quests - you often have to find a handful or so of clues, more or less, in the game-world or specific game area. Sometimes, you then have to also answer a few questions (that you-'re asking yourself - or well, the game is asking, as you-'re piecing the story and events together); and come by the right answer to push the plot + stort forward. When investigating: you are scored from 1-3 badges. Don-'t make mistakes, you get 3 badges. Make another mistake, 2 badge-score. Make more than that, 1-star score - no matter what. There-'s no real punishment for failing - there-'s no reload screen for failing; and/or you aren-'t really aren-'t scored with a total score on how well or poorly you did. So, there-'s no real consequences for failing - you can pick the wrong answer, get a 1 score, and not even worry about your score. You could guess, if you can-'t figure out the answer - narrowing it down via trial and error, if you feel so inclined.There are plenty of collect-a-thons for side quests. From finding info about your character, to seeing old memories, and other things - the game is loaded w/ collectibles. Many of these, they actually do reveal more about the Salem setting, Salem-'s history, the game-world, the killer, and the characters in the story. So, if you want to get the most out of this game-'s story, setting, atmosphere, and characters - you-'ll likely want to find a good deal of these. Finding this stuff certainly actually does enhance the already interesting, fantastic & excellent story.Performance on this game with most things on higher settings on my PC (i7 950; 1 GB VRAM GeForce GTX 560 Ti; 16 GB RAM) at 1080p was a bit over the place, frequently jumping between 35-60 frames. Locking VSync On to half-refresh rate via the NVidia Panel certainly solved this problem, keeping the game regularly not budging at all from 30 frames per second. While the graphics in this game do look good, they certainly are not the best technical quality that is out there.After the 10 hours or so I spent with this game, according to Steam - the mystery was over. I came to the game-'s conclusion - thrilled with the plot, story, game-world, setting, and characters. But, I was certainly not thrilled and often frustrated with the game-'s half-baked stealth elements. While I do wish the game had more story-based side quests + that the game-'s (so-called) -puzzles- were a bit harder, I still came away really enjoying a good deal of the actual experience itself. If only the gameplay elements - namely, the stealth elements - were improved quite a bit (or removed entirely), we-'d certainly be talking about the best adventure game of 2014. Fans of murder-mysteries, the supernatural, and noir - if you can tolerate the not-so-great stealth elements, this game most definitely should be experienced alone for its setting, story + character elements.Final Grade = B-
