Lemme tell ya somethin': This game is stupid. No, not *that* stupid. This is the QWOP of medicine. At the moment of this writing, it is very short. Eight levels long, with  only three different procedures. The last two are variations of the iconic heart transplant. For someone that isn't adept at using their keyboard and dexterity, this game is hard. So basically, if you aren't prepared to take time to get better at this game, don't buy it and don't badmouth it. I think I paid full price for this, and I am more than happy with it. It's hard, but not unfairly hard like in Super Meat Boy or something like that. The game gives you tools and tells you you need to do X. Now I found doing was the easy part. I just had no idea how to do the procedures. So overall, this game is good for a laugh, you feel great once you finish a procedure and it provides a unique control system to master. If you're thinking about buying this game, go ahead and do so. If you're still not sure, I think the demo is around online.
(TL;DR at the bottom)The mechanics were bad but the gimmick and story were good.First, the crap parts:It's a Flash game:The game went into low-quality mode during boss battles.You think my computer needs it?The weapons:The beam cannon you use to travel can be pretty terrible at times. Actually, everything but the shotgun is. For every single weapon, excluding the shotgun, there was a time I was yelling at the game. Really, many of the puzzles aren't fair due to how the weapons work. It could easily be fixed by say, removing a set of spikes or telling us the slingshot isn't like the shotgun.The glitches: Bosses would freeze or you could fall off the map of another after a respawn.The death mechanics:Spikes: Respawn on the last horizontal surface you touched.Pits: Respawn on the last horizontal surface.Fire: Restart map.Fall off the map: Whatever it feels like. To make a good game, you have one mechanic. Not two. This game learned from Meat Boy that games with a high potential of death need to have a quick and easy respawn as the respawn wait time doesn't enrage players. This also rewards players for doing one difficult jump. Something like Meat Boy would make you do it all again. However, you get to the hard bosses and you find you've been spoon-fed. From the mole onwards, fire is introduced. Or at least map restarts. You find due to the terrible beam cannon that unless you jumped vertically, you were more likely to go straight into the fire. And with most of the late bosses, I had no idea what to do. The boss I hated most was the one of the candyland. It had two ramps leading down. Now that's all fine, but the stages never have invisible walls. Walk too far off the left or right and you fall to your death. For that level (which involved going up and down ramps at high speed), it was likely that using the beam cannon to get you up higher would roll you off the map, causing the map to restart. This enraged me as the battle went slowly to use the new mechanic it introduced.Other levels that were unforgiving, however, were always short. That's a plus for me.The good bits:The story is stupid. It had me laughing. The personality is great. The entire point of the game is great. It's fun. Basically, everything else I haven't whinged about. Well, either good or tolerable in perspective.TL;DRThe game is bugged.The game is unfair due to bugs and design.This game could be fixed with some changes to map design and death mechanics.The game handles like a flash game.The story is funny.The game is original.Both were enough for me to enjoy it.New mechanics were added and were enjoyable.Play the demo to see if you like it. http://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/558562
I have played this game for an hour and a half. I think forty-five minutes of it was puzzle-solving, the rest was actually drawing on the world-map.Brilliant if you have a graphics tablet, pretty awesome if you don't.
You know those Flash games you used to play as a kid where you have to navigate through a maze or terrain whilst trying not to flip your car or motorbike?This is like those, except way better.
