The Art Style Caught Me first on this game , and now i am 2 hours in and it has to be one of the greatest point and click adventures i have ever played ! I wont spoil the plot or story but its breathtaking let alone the character voice overs are perfect and it really brings this game to life let alone scenery in this game is beautiful.. The puzzles are challenging enough just aswell . I would advise to get this game if you are a fan of the whole point and click adventures ,, for me 9.5/10 , i cant give it a full 10 yet cause i havent finished it
If You Want a challenge put this gem of a game on -Hard- and you will see how great of a gamer you really are !Great Visuals and a great remake of the original classic back in 89 , the levels are challenging as ever and there will be plenty of Nerd Raging going on for sure as i have been :D Im only 2 levels completed so far but the reward of beating a level is a great feeling .. so far overall 9/10 ( Just Make Sure You Play This On Hard if you want your moneys worth ) :-)
Broken Sword The Directors Cut , hmmm all i hear is original was better and so on .. i did play the original way back on my Playstation from what i recall but cant remember , but this game was great , characters all have a great voice over and you really remember them , the puzzles are challenging enough on some parts and you DONT have to use the help button to solve the hint if you dont want the help . The Story was awesome and to hear about the history and visit countries to solve the mystery put the icing on the cake . I will not reveal any of it and dont be afraid to try this game and buy the trilogy , dont listen to all these haters , its a gem of a game :)
If You Love your strategy / Turn Based type of games .. then XCOM is for you , Loved every minute of it and it really challenges you . If you are a fan of the series then you will definently enjoy it and even new comers will have a blast with this game . The best part of it is that it is replayable and you can always try new things out the next time around .. i no i did since i made a few mistakes when i first started . So if you got the cash go out and buy this 9/10 for me
