I've never been particularly fond of multiplayer shooters. From my limited experience, they have this intial rush that feels pretty good, but that feeling slowly fades to leave behind a bleak and dry experience. They just seem to lack the engaging elements that singleplayer games have and use so well.That's not the case with Team Fortress 2 though. This game is fun. Not only is the gameplay deep, intuitive and interesting, but it also accentuates the style, and the style accentuates it. The characters are surprisingly fleshed out, and I would recommend reading some of the comics.Overall, give it a go.
I didn't expect a first person shooter from 1998 to be this intelligent and poignant, but that's just my dumb expectations.This game isn't just good for it's time, it's straight up good. I came in expecting the former, and was pleasantly surprised all the way to the end.Although, I never thought as highly of the sequels ever again.
In any other studio, the design sheet for this game would've been thrown out and the designer promptly asked to start again from scratch, but told to be 'safer'. Chances are in this parallel world, it would've ended up as all bone and no meat, similar to how Dungeon Keeper ended up. But Valve is not stupid.The learning curve may seem steep and unforgiving, but with just a little intuition and practise, the mountain becomes a steady incline.
First time I tried playing it, I was a little impatient. Long story short, I had to force-close it and restart my computer. I felt a little angry at the game for having to shut-down and wait for everything to reload.Around a week later, when I was looking through my steam library for games to play, I found this game again. Remembering my last encounter, I decided to give it a shot anyway, and if the game turned out to be bad, I thought to myself, then I could at least enjoy bashing it for sucking in addition to what it did to my computer. So I started it up, and played it some......It became my favourite game of all time.Seriously, there is not one element of this game which I can't point to as an example of fantastic game design.
It's good. Strangely good. Also free.
The standard-issue guard uniform (given to every single guard, even Otis) probably uses similar technology to the HEV suit according to this game. Either that, or Barney is a god trapped in a human's body, using his divine powers to soften bullet damage and sustain peak physical performance regardless of non-lethal injuries.He does his own thing without the G-man's help, so maybe.If this would be your first exposure to the series, get the regular Half-Life instead.
