So here we are, in the second year of DayZ Standalone's release. So has it improved from its first launch back in December of 2013, will lets find out.So to start off, this game has not been optimized for the PC still, and even though they told us they will fix this issue once they have done everything else, it should be one of there top prioritys. It's not enjoyable to be walking around and out of no where you get single frames. But thats not to say the game has'nt improved, it has, for example one of DayZ's big issues last year was the horrible zombie A.I system, but it has been improved to the point where you can actually sneak past them, with out them noticing you from a mile away. This improves your gaming experience so much, because it adds a sense of realism to it. They have also included a huge new feature, which makes it so much easier to traverse around the world. It is the implementation of vehicles. The DayZ community was furious when there were no vehicles in its first launch, but when they did release it, they were much appreciative of them. They have also implemented many other things, i could go on for hours, but needless to say the game has improved and you can see they are working hard.So is it worth its price tag, NO, not yet that is, i would wait until they have fully released it, or if you want to support them you can do that as you wish.(NOT FULL VERDICT) 8/10
This was my reaction when i first played this game , -OH MY ♥♥♥♥ING GOD- , LEGIT thats what i said. Let me just say when you first step foot into this game you are already having a blast , the Prologue could of been shorter but it was enjoyable. half of the hours i have played was co-op with my mates , we just ran around and leveled up our agility mostly , and it was is endless fun, the story isnt anything special though , its short , easy , and forgetable in my opinion, if it were more slowed down, i guess i would have enjoyed it but it just was to quick , but thats not what its about , its about freerunning the main feature in this game , it so fluint , u could spend hours just running around and leveling up your player.This game , well lets just say , if i can run around for 2 hours without doing anything , no missions nothing , and still have fun , its a brilliant game ,and if you think about it not many games can do that. now if you think GTA 5 is open world wait until you get a load of this , you can climb anything you see , you can break anything you see , and you can nearly get into all the buildings , it is open world , TOOO THE MAX , so i truely think this game deserves game of the year , but its not up to me , so why dont you find out for yourself!!!!!!!!!!!!10/10
So , The ARMA Series is back at it again with ARMA III , so heres the question , is it worth your time and money????? Lets start off with the graphics , THEY ARE AMAZING , it is a definite improvment from later ARMA'S , and the true beauty is shown when you enter the endless forests and grass lands. The gameplay is will , lets just say , if you have played later ARMA'S and Dayz Mod/Standalone , then thats the kind of gameplay you will get , and they really have'nt changed much in that , they have kept there masses of amounts of buttons that do all little things in the game. The story , will if i  am honest , i really was never in to ARMA'S storys , but in ARMA III they have really tried to intrigue us , and kind of grapple us into there story , they want us to feel what it would feel like to be in the war , and i truly think they nail that. Now for the most reasons people buy the ARMA games , the mods , there is a whole variety of them , such as ALTIS Life , Epoch Mod , King Of The Hill , and so many more , so if u finish or are not enjoying the campaign , then just head on over and join into thousands of servers , with up to 80 players on each , trust me , you will never get bored.So , Graphics are terrific , Gameplay is spot on , Mods are Enjoyable , Campagn is good , i think we have a masterpeice , so no , this is not a waste of your money , and will , you will get your moneys worth.10/10
