Climbing to the top - Moustache Mountain Game Review by eXratchetMoustache Mountain is an indie developed, 2D platformer that has alot of potential. You are a young moustache enthusiast that has heard about the legends of the magical moustache gel. You go on an adventure to climb a mountain to find the magical moustache gel. There are alot of good things about this game, but also alot that needs to be added or changed.For $1.99USD this game is coming along nicely, but it is not quite there yet. At the moment, in the current state of the game, it is fun for maybe a few hours at most. I would really like to see the full potential of this game though, because I believe that with the time and effort it can be turned into a marvellous 2D indie platformer. I would definitely keep an eye out for updated and patches to this game, such as the rumoured local co-op / multiplayer.Pros:+ The unique music and sounds in this game really gives you the feel of a 2D platformer. + The gameplay is quite challanging and is good fun for a while. + The graphics and art style is appealing.+ The are a many different levels that are randomised in a different order each time you start a game.+ Devs are updating and working on the game.Cons:- Would of liked to see more options changing the gameplay. - Not enough levels and variety in graphics for the levels.- No points system or something you can can pick up and collect on each level (eg. moustaches). - Would like to see the story incorporated into the game a bit more and content variety.Verdict:7/10Thanks for checking out this review! For more reviews visit Pile On Gaming  here.Official MiKapp1t's Mates will be exclusively receiving multiple copies of Moustache Mountain.http://store.steampowered.com/app/457520/Thanks aamatniekss!
Amazing game that is so funny and random. A great game just to relax and have a good time whether your playing mini games or figuring out puzzles in online co-op. I really enjoy playing this game with my friends and we always have a great time. I like the base idea for this game and the customisation like collecting different heads for your character. Not an minute wasted playing this game.
Great game! So much to do, can't wait for future updates. This game has to be the best one I've played in a while. Never thought I would have so much fun in a sandbox. Definitely worth it.
I really enjoy playing CSGO, going from serious competitive matches to casually playing a match with a variety of game modes. It is really addicting and great to have fun on with a couple friends. It is simple to play but hard to master! Anything can happen in this game and that's what is so amazing about it. It would take a lot of hours to master the skills of dominating your opponents. Another great positive is there are always servers to play on!
