If you didn't already notice, this game's concept is loosely based off of the Maximum Overdrive movie in the 80's. Except in this game, you get to play as the machines taking over the world. The gameplay is fun, and very satisfying. The visuals are nice. They are somewhat akin to that of Katamari Damacy. As of right now, there are only 3 modes, all of which have different goals (Did not get to play the Sandbox Mode when I tried the game, but it's basically like the other modes, just with no goal). In arcade mode, you try to destroy as much as possible, to score as high as possible within 3 minutes. In Gman elimination mode, you must destroy a certain number of MIB (Men In Black) before the time runs out. Overall, the game was fun, and should get better with more refining whilst in early access. The only gripe I have with the game, is that the controls feel a little strange, mainly when operating the camera when you aren't in a vehicle, and are searching for one to control on the map. Overall though, i would recommend this game :)If you're interested, i made a video on the game, which i've put below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EGQBtQ-57vQ
Not much effort was put into this game. All of the models, except for the Gabe Newell one, were just bought off the unity store, and put into the game. Same with the textures. If you see a decent texture, it's because the dev bought it, and put it in. Half the walls dont even HAVE textures, and are just grey. The game is also full of glitches and frame rate drops. I made a video on it if you're interested. But DO NOT buy this gamehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=amEXKSQf7VE
Its a pile of ♥♥♥♥.
Bit of a late review of the test here, considering the full game comes out within a few hours of of this review, but wow, this game seems extremely well polished. It has some smart puzzles, great graphics, and also the -story- of the game. This seems like its going to be a very unique title One that i will be getting for sure! Good job Croteam! :)
Ok, i noticed that there are alot of reviews, saying that the developer (Jens) isnt really talking to the community about this game and isnt updating it at all. I would like to say, thats not true. At least, not now. If you follow the Blockscape website and Facebook page, you will get updates every so often of what Jens is working on. Now, as far as the game goes....Its quite good for the current stage its in. It has some very pretty graphics and has pretty good building mechanics aswell, however, they could still be worked upon. But this game is, at least i think, is worth supporting. I dont regret purchasing it :)EDIT: Again, i have seen even more people say that the dev does not update the community about what he is working on. Although, i can forgive this as it might be hard to find the Devlog for some people. http://www.blockscape.com/v2/devlog/ There is the devlog. He is updating quite frequently on what he is trying to acheve and what he has accomplished. The extremely infrequent updates, are making it seem like no progress is being made on the game. However, i believe that the dev is waiting until he has developed enough content, to then release a decent update for the game. As you can see in the devlog, he is most certainly working on things. My view on the game has not changed as of late :). Oh, i should also mention, it is only one man working on the game.2nd EDIT: Well, a year on, and the game has gotten no updates. There has been some post made by the dev on the progress of the game, so he is working on it, and has shown some new screenshots of the game and how it looks now. But as of right now, i would NOT by this game. I think its potential is honestly extremely high still, but the future of the game is pretty uncertain at this point. Here's hoping it all turns out okay.
I spent 39 cents on this game when it was on sale and have played about 16 hours as I write this review. Thats less than 3 cents per hour i've played. If that doesnt tell you that this game is great, I don't know what will. Get this game.
