This game is a increbably if you play with friends on multiplayer but to be hinest the single player campain is just boring and i think it was about 3 missions i did before i just got bored and played multiplayer and i say wait for a sale before buying this but the multiplayer is just so fun to play with friends that i think that my money was well spent (i bought this on a sale).
This game... sucks big time like i mean sure great graphics i guess not bad NPC intellegence but it is a total waste of money and if you are going to buy it a big risk as for alot of people online play does not work and for another lot of people single player has a very annoying glitch of how it crashes every 10-30 minutes... This game is unplayable if you have both... And yes i have both and there are no fixes for me not to mension ubisoft doesnt know/ doesnt care about it and hasnt fixed it. Ive also heared that there are ALOT of hackers and 90% of games you join are filled with hackers so they have not even sorted out a security system... This game would be alot better if it actuelly work because in its current state its unplayable2/10
I played this game alot when i was about 8 maybe 9 and i was a big fan of this i loved it and still do its basically the best star wars game out currently. I still really like this game and if your a big fan of the star wars series this will most likely be great for you.
This is a very addictive game with simple yet fun games modes and its FREE! Yep this game is free to play and will run on anything that isnt THAT old. This game will most likely keep you playing for along time but it does have trollers (of cource) and hackers but very few because of steam VAC ban. But basically if you have a computer and internet you might as well give it a go considering it is free
I really just didnt like this like i mean i can see the fun you can get out of this free to play FPS game but the fact that if you dont want to spent money on this game your going to get a giant beat down from other players who do spend money. This game looks great and as the trailer says you can customise your weapons so much buti just got so sick of the players killing you so quickly with there bought guns the only enjoyment i got in the end was running around with a knife.
This game gets VERY boring very fast. I mean if you are a giant fan of star trek and you have money to spend then sure you will probably love this game and play it for along time but im not a big fan of star trek and the fact that it gets so repedative makes me want to just never play it again. The AI difficulty is also really odd as at one point the AI will be hard and challenging to kill and the next minute the AI will be so easy. The combat was interesting at first though as you can decide where to shoot your phazer (star trek gun) or you can just click an enemy and let your character do everything but as i said it got very repedative and just boring.
