Another game I found very fun by Bethesda Softworks. The infamous 'do whatever the ♥♥♥♥ you want' or an open-world RPG game from the early 2000s.This game deserves its' GOTY award.This game takes place at the 3rd era on the Elder Scrolls' world of Tamriel. You are a prisoner, being released in an island called Vvardenfell, located in Morrowind, the home of the Dunmers, or the dark elves. From there, you decide your own fate, whether becoming the savior of Tamriel or being a petty bandit, it's totally up to you! Okay, aestethically, it doesn't look pretty impressive by today's standards (well obviously, being a game made from 2003). They did gave it a try on giving water movements and its' damp, tropical enviroment can be felt from looking the meshes and textures. It's pretty good as well. Sound, it's a bit too random (e.g. when fighting some creatures that uses bites for attacks, it sounds like you were punched, and if it missed, it's like missing a thrust/blow). The music in this game is a bit more memorable than the other successors ,because ambience, dungeon, and towns used the same set of music all over again. Compared to the other successors of the game, TES4 and Skyrim, this game is FAR more immersive than the 2 of them. For example, we're talking about marksman weapons. Morrowind has everything (both thrown and archery weapons exists, which made the game's universe is a bit inconsistent, but it is a good idea after all). Next, fatigue/stamina bar (green bar) affects most of your actions, such as lockpicking, hitting stuffs, casting spells. And a Mount and Blade-ish combat styles (directions affect the damage of your weapons, such as katanas deal better damage  when swung sidewards, etc). And yeah, you would not be able to freely roam like in both skyrim and oblivion (fast travel), so, backtracking is a running theme on the game. Please do note that NPCs has fixed levels and items (meaning that you can get a full set of the best armor ingame, while being a low level character). TL;DR here are some pros and cons:+ Immersive world+ Decent graphics for its' time+ Many weapon types and variants (broadswords, spears, halberds, axes)+ You can basically do whatever you want (ignoring the main quest and killing essential NPCs)- Imbalanced (fixed levels, making early game really tough to get through on some classes) - Primitive combat system (still using the dodge factor, despite being an FPS RPG)This is my final verdict for this game,8.5/10 Overall, it's a good game for any diehard TES fans and dont mind a little challenge from outrageously hard enemies.bongvox
Game wise, it is a good MOBA game. Graphics and the other things were good and very detailed textures, but the gameplay is just amazing. In fact, this is one of my 1st MOBA game I ever played. Compared to the other MOBA genre, DOTA2 is much harder compared to both games (denying creeps, creep block, losing gold when you're dead, you can't do this in League nor SMITE. I've tried).Cosmetics in this game does exist, and can be creatively customized. Characters, yes, this is the reason i fell in love with DOTA2. It is variative (ranging to a dwarf, into a BDSM-loving MILF, also furries). Aside from their lores and design, they have special interactions against other character (ex. CM and Lina), in which both games lacked (although on League, they started to do that on several heroes).The only downside is quite repetitive. Game modes (mostly, not counting the unofficial servers) are 5v5 only, even the other MOBA game competitors like LoL and SMITE have various gameplay. Cosmetics were confusing, because it is divided into several parts.And also, i forgot to mention one thing that (some) everyone hates in this game, but this makes the game famous.Community (make it EU or SEA)As a closing word, I strongly recommend you to play this game (if you want something more challenging than LoL or SMITE).Try playing DOTA with friends, it'll enhance the gameplay more.
(i dont know if i should say yes or no, but i guess it's a yes?) it's a pretty decent RPG, good graphics, fair microtransactions, and a simple skill system.but the music.  it's a bit too calm, does not even deliver the adventure vibe. it sounds more like a lullaby IMO. gameplay is a bit outdated (movement systems.. why point and click..)
'loot the looter' simulatorThis game is basically a mix between someone who loves RTS and RPG. If either Morrowind or Oblivion does not amuse you, this is a good pick. Even better with the Gekokujo mod for the (urp) weebs. On the visual perspective, this game has a quite slow animation (when your character swings a 2 handed weapon, I didn't quite get the 'hyah' feel when striking your enemy) and it's quite buggy too (not as bad as the sequel though), the overhead view felt empty (grasslands, trees, valleys, and no detail whatsoever). In conclusion, it's not that visually appealing (this is a 2009 game, give more efforts to visual, you see what you play). Gameplay however, 10/10, hands down.
