Thoroughly enjoyed Goat Simulator 2014. Goat/10.Goat Simulator 2014 gives an in-depth experience that uses a wide range of engaging stimulus and challenges to educate us humans of the agricultural environment that a goat must endure through it-'s life. The inspiring story of Goat overcoming his/her oppressors (the humans) creates an amazing storyline, with numerous plot twists that will have you on the edge of your seat. I know what you-'re thinking, -but its just a goat!- Shut the hell up you fool, although this may be -'just a goat-', this is -'just a goat-' that broke through its goat expectations and stereotypes to face the world with nothing but its hyper-elastic tongue and it-'s oddly unnatural ability to not die. Ever. Goat Simulator 2014 expertly demonstrates how political views and actions can affect not only mankind, but also goats. It confronts the player with many terrifying situations (and can at times cause great offense). One example of this is the many rules and regulations imposed by the goverment, like what the hell? You want to keep me in this goat pen? Do you think this tower will keep me happy? This game allows you to fight the power, and essentially -♥♥♥♥ the police-. The most controversial aspect of this game is most definitely the goat fight scene, where you must turn against your fellow goats for the pleasure of the humans. Who really wants to participate in a competitive blood bath of goats for someone else-'s entertainment? In my honest opinion, I would much rather prefer that to not be a part of the game. Although I may not be condoning goat on goat violence, I find mowing down the many so called -'innocent-' civilians and sacrificing them to the Lord Satan gives me an enjoyable rush. This game has the potential to inspire many, whether they want to become a goat scientist, goat gymnast, goat astronaut, goat ball pitcher or whale, they will find this game absolutely enthralling. The Good Goat VS Bad Goat dynamic of Goat Simulator gives the player the ability to influence the goat-'s decisions, and essentially determine to be Good Goat, or Bad Goat. (I also have the sneaking suspicions that recent games such as Infamous: SECOND SUN (what does that even mean?) have copied this genius game mechanic from Goat Simulator 2014.)  I recommend this game as it accurately depicts the various aspects of survival that a goat must face in it-'s day to life, and does so in a way that us humans can relate to and take advice from in both an entertaining and interesting way. This game forces you to think. I love it.
 Positives: Hair physics and some decent sceneryNegatives: Weird combat system
extremely addictive. Don't do it. The hats will get you.
Took a solid 30 minutes for me to encounter any water. Fire is more dangerous than the water is in this game. This woman has the lungs of a large sea cow and can stay under water for at least 15 minutes. The scariest part of this game is the clunky platforming.3/10 did not make me afraid of water.
