It's a amazing DLC well worth  the 5 dollars you will spend on ,It Adds tons of new features for You to explore and find such as Coral,Volcanos,Islands, And alot more,I Say its well worth the 5 dollars Spent on this compared to a pack of candy/Milk, Who wold not want to support These AMAZING develepors!
Just like the Blacksmith Knight its  A another knight with A Special  Magic This one is more Damage over DPS  But it really depends on your playstyle
Its simple but i cant really *say* its good or not it depends do you like doing DPS? Do you like Having A Special magic Then this chacter is for you
Really good game its nice untill you try Hardcore Mode . There are 84 Weapons , 29 Pets 31 playerable chacters a bow a Shovel a Horn health potions Sandwichs Pickaxe (unused) Knife (unused) Some sort of 3 blade knife (unused) Bombs Boomerang 38 main levels. Just an Epic game! Get it now for 14.99 and When on super sale 0.99  or even 5.07 Buy it its worth it and thus half of the money goes to charity so your helping the world out!
its a cool game kinda gonna be needed for DST as some things are broken with out it (have no idea why ) but its cool just by its self with ROG!
This is A Multiplayer Version of Don-'t Starve (with a bit Of changing of course) Now this is what the review will Compose of (For those of you Who don-'t like Long post Please just read this)Tl;WR Multiplayer DS with balancing Survive togetherSurvive in a Multiplayer World With friends Trying to SEt a base And tame a world full of Murderous Creatures, Can you survive? Fight Others PVP is a bit finiky right Now However Fight others for Land, Supplies And over all To be Top Don-'t starver. How to host Goto the main menu And Click on that -host Game button Custom things to you-'re liking. How Long will you survive Will you survive A Feral world That does not Like you and perish or will you survive To Day 100? Gamemodes SurvivalSurvive a world Amoungst friends (start from a portal)While Exploring,Preparing,Fighting,Building TogetherThis Mode is A basic Survival Not some major Diffrance You can resurrect friends Via -TellTale Heart/TouchStone/Meaty Effigy/Life Giving AmuletGood luck!WildernessYou start In a random location If you die You respawn as a new charcter (of you-'re choice) Some where in the world It does You will lose all you-'re progress (accept items and base) if you die Such as map,Built items,Sanity,Food,HealthEndless This mode is Best suited For new players Endless has no world reset (Just like wilderness )Just the aspect of survival And you can revive at the portal you start at!PVP: OKay So this Like i said is a bit broken and Stuff (Klei make PVP Blowdarts Less op)This is best Suited For Wilderness. Seasons Fall: This is always (unless world options are changed) The Starting season Is Fall When you start off here it is peaceful Not much to say other than Get Busy Working together!And Try to kill The Bearger Winter: A Cold Season Where you will freeze when not protected/near a fire Alot of food sources Become Unusable You will die fast if you do not get warmed up Wear  clothing to live And Survive a  Deerclops Spring: If you did not prepare A lightning rod/Ways to keep you-'re self dry This will be bad,It will rain and Thunder ALOT So be warned Try to stop lightnig fires!  And will you find and kill the  Moosegoose Summer: The Final season And by far one of the easier ones Just like winter If you are not protected /Get near a endothermic Fire  You will Over heat instead of freeze and die over time Forest Fires,Wilting Plants  Can you Save wild life With Ice flingomatics?And can you kill the  Dragonfly 
Very good game I recommend it You dont need many other games to play it only  a choice between two You can do almost anything like getting  a gun to explode a npc
