Me: Let's play this Co-Op game I found in my Steam Library!Friend: Alright! Let's Go!5 Minutes Later...[I cast a spell combo that kills friend]Friend: Revive me please.Me: Never.[Eventually dies and has to restart][On respawn, friend kills me]Friend: Karma noob.[Dies and we have to restart once again]After 15 Minutes of this constantly happening, we finally agree to get on with the storyline.Once again I kill my friend by accident then searches up spell combo on internet and then kills me with it.I cried.After this, I find my own spell combo on the internet and then when I get respawned, I kill my friend.Eventually after 30 minutes of us killing each other, we both had probably learnt 10 spell combos each that we used constantly to kill each other.Finally a mutual agreement occurred which we did not kill each other and worked on the campaign.It did not last long.After another 10 minutes of killing each other, we decided to work again on the storyline.He killed my by accident and when I was revived, I killed him.This process continued on for the next few hours until another friend decided to join us. It did not end well for him until he found his own spell combos to kill each other.At the time of writing this review (12.2 hours), my friends and I still have not passed chapter 3.10/10
Outstanding! This is one of the Games that I actually hope for a New one to come out. Brilliant Story and Game Idea. I recommend anyone to get this If you have a thinking brain or just want to challenge yourself. To be truthful, I do wait a couple months then play the campaign again so I partially forget what to do :P. I do slightly prefer if the underground was more obvious on what to do. Other than that, Wonderful!
Amazing Game. It is a true masterpiece. Of course there is always those slight problems. It is quite a shame that Big Surf Island was never put into this and the Title for the game is quite misleading. Graphics are great as well the the Crashes :3 The Game does have its glitches still and at least some consideration by Criterion Games would we Good. Other than that, Great game though if you do have a PS3 or Xbox 360, probably more recommended to get it on them.
One of the best if not the best Tactical FPS Shooter there is on the market today.I spent more hours on this game than I should have, yet I regret quite little since the entertainment value I have received from this game has easily proven to me that this was the best $7.50 USD (Got it on Sale) I have ever spent (Well almost).I do warn any buyer if they hate any of the following, you probably you rethink purchasing this game:Young Kids screaming in their terrible microphonesYoung Adults screaming in their terrible microphonesRussians screaming in their decent microphones telling you suck at the gameGeneral Public telling you that you suck at the gameThe addiction of opening cases and spending your entire wallet on virtual items and getting nothing but $0.10 skins.Other than that, it's a Great Game!
This game is Free to Play, and it's a Valve FPS Game.That should really be enough to explain why you should get this game.
