Ride to Hell: Retribution is a masterpiece of Gaming. With an action packed gameplay, brilliant graphics, lovable characters, smooth controls and story and writing that would put Bioware to shame, this game weaves an epic tale of love, loss and the ultimate futility of revenge. Set in the Biker culture of the 1960's, the main character Jake returns from a well-explained backstory as a PTSD sufferer discharged from the army and returning home. However all is not well and after hours of interaction with one of the best characters ever written, your brother Mikey, you are attacked and shot by a rival gang of bikers, in one of the best and smoothest motercycle racing sequences ever concieved. After being discharged from hospital a couple of months later, Jake is forced to take up his guns again and not only confront his brothers killers, but the ghosts of his families past and his own personal demons.In case you havn't got the joke yet, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU VALUE YOUR SANITY.
As stated by many people: 'A mile wide and an inch deep-. Nothing could possibly describe this game better.In addition to the dev-'s constant lies about the games content and misrepresenting it-'s features, what-'s left is an incredibly boring slog through the same 5 planets over and over again, all already discovered by a bunch of idiot aliens who do nothing.This continues until you reach the crappiest ending this side of Mass effect 3Buy Elite: Dangerous, a game that is actually good.
This and The Walking Dead: Season 1 could quite possibly be Telltale's best. I can't say anything about the characters and story that hasn't been already discussed by dozens of reviews, but ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, this is amazing. Why haven't you bought this? WHY ARE YOU STILL READING BUY IT.
Honestly? Not scary. For the grand finale of a series literaly named F.E.A.R., that's a pretty major issue.This is why you don't make your horror games multiplayer.
Paid mods are now gone, so I can safely say that Skyrim is one of the best RPG's I've ever played.Buy it, play it for 200 hours, then mod it and play it for 200 more.
