Call of Duty is one of the many games (FPS related) that I play, you cant exactly contrast the game with other FPS games are they have different play styles. Most of the time, Call of Duty is a fast paced shooter with quite a lot going on. Well thats what it seems like to me.The game is good, dont get me wrong, it is enjoyable to play BUT there are some issues that should be addressed and taken into consideration when you click that add to cart button.1- What the game has become.The days of being able to use other weapons in game is over, being able to reliable cover a section of the map with an LMG or Sniper is no longer a play style that can be used. there was nothing that I loved more than being able to mow down 3 guys trying to flank your spawn on DOM. instead the game has become saturated by 1 specific play style.2- Rush.I can understand that Call of Duty is a fast FPS game, one of the easiest to play in that matter, you dont have to worry about bulletdrop like Battlefield, you dont have to worry about listening for footsteps or other sniper shots, Sniper Ghost Warrior but there is a limit in which how easy you can make it. both Black ops 2, Ghost and AW (I dont own AW but from friends that have the game) are saturated with the use of SMGs and/or Shotguns, having small maps really makes the efficieny of using a Sniper almost obselete, LMG users are constantly being dominated by the fast firing high DMG smgs you find in BO3, yet when it comes to balancing things....3- How to guide: Balancing Weapons.after using the Haymaker 12 for quite sometime now there are a few things that I do not understand   -Somehow, it is the shotgun with the least amount of damage, yet, fires a buckshot, like most of the shotguns in BO3   -I am consistanly getting hate for using the weapon, note most of the people that are hating on me, get to close.You See, Treyarch fail to see that there is a difference between Balance and butthurt, Balance, is not nerfing the crap out of a weapons to turn it into a waterpistol, that is what you get when a whole bunch of people dont like being killed by the Haymaker, the simple counter measure to a shotgun is to not get so close to someone, simple as that. but when balancing weapons, also take into consideration where the complaints are coming from. This could be from places like reddit, youtube etc, once you read these comments, actually take some time to look at statistics, I am sure you have some spare time while monkeys are fixing the issues with the game to make things right. there is nothing more than seeing a game saturated and dominated by fast firing SMGs with have the range of a sniper... Im not just saying this because I get killed byt SMGs quite a lot, but more so that it is true. for example, if you look at say the Vesper, chuck rapid fire, laser sight and fast mag. You pretty much has a lightweight minigun.there are positives to the game, the zombies is spot on, I love it!, have enjoyed every single moment of it!, especially when you disconnect from Singleplayer....Multiplayer, although has a fair amount of issues, is fun.but my main complaint for the game, is the constant FPS spikes/stutters... any kind of help I look for either says update the drivers or get a better computer... I have updated the drivers, which had pretty much no effect what-so-ever, getting a better computer well, I think I have good enough specks to be honest (i7-2600, HD7950 and 8GB ram).Dont you find it sad how, supposedly, Creating a sequal to what was quite a good game (Black ops 2) take such a downfall, games are meant for enjoyment, being able to communicate with friends, and all the people that have apparently slept with your mother. Dont you feel dissapointed in YOUR inability to fix the mistakes and become a better overall game developer. Isnt it demoralising when you see that just under 50% of the comments/reviews on the game are Negative? I know this will most likely not been seen by the eyes of any Treyarch developer but all these questions run through my mind. the thing is... what goes through yours...
Unless you like the same ♥♥♥♥ as black ops 2 this si the game for you with all new ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t including the Invisible dogs, die as soon as you become alive. small - medium maps ( why add snipers????) when nearly every map has a building every 5 meters. they need a massive map like wasteland from MW2 except 2 twices as big. otherwise not worth getting
This game has to be one of the best value games I have ever bought, there is no way to explain how you can feel about the game. If you where to just leg it through the game without taking in everything you hear or see then dont buy the game as long as it took me in some parts of the campaign I strongly recommend this game for people who enjoy a good singleplayer game. matching this with the DLCs gives you an extraudinary experience with many unexpected turns which will leave you breathless, as corny as it may seem that is the only way I can truly describe this game.Rate 10/10.I would like to thank the developers and the publisher for making an amazing game.
I have noticed in the review section of this game that a lot of people are giving this game more of a negative rating rather than positive, which is quite frankly true. Pre Patch 1.37 - 7-8/10Patch1.37 - /10Patch 1.37 was supposedly to make the game better in the way it was more balance, haha infact it made it worse. throught my few hours playing the game after patch 1.37 I have come to believe that Gaijan have become greedy ( Like activision/treyarch) in the ye old days like 1.29 you could quite easly come out of a match making around 10-20K profit depending on whether you have premium or not. I not saying this because im bad but here are 3 reasons why Gaijin had screwed up the game after Patch 1.37:1. Matchmaking-After 10 games in the new patch im not sure if it was unlucky or absoluty garbage. I prefer to play in the british line up while using stuff like the Wellington, beaufighters ect. the problem I was having is I would get over the bombing target in my Wellington Ic and then be killed by 8 Fighters who can climb to your altitude within a matter of minutes, which resulting into easy kills.Aircraft have now been sorted in tiers rather than ranks, you may think that is true but infact its the complete opposite. the aircraft may be a tier 3 but the battle rating (Which can be found while hovering over the aircraft) is the acctually -Ranked- lobby you will be put in, for example the Mustang Mk1a which is a british fighter is a tier 4 but its battle rating is 5.3. they say they would be changing this but can we really believe them?!?2. Leveling up-Prier to patch 1.37 if the people who are reading this just started you had ranks rather than tiers. like any game you get kills = lions+Xp = more aircraft = kills... which was all good you could quite happly level up, now you need to research the aircraft. the developers said this new system would acctually help you unlock aircraft quicker... Wrong, infact it would take you 4-5x long to get a single plane in the game. for example the F80C shooting star you need 320000RP to unlock, if you get an average of  1-3k RP for that aircraft (Note not all RP earned in a game goes towards an aircraft, the rest is stored so you can use it later but there is a twist) it would take you atleast 100-150 games to unlock, and a normal game goes for 20 mins((20x150)/3=1000/24=41) so it would take you around 1-2 days of non stop gameplay to unlock it. LIES!!!!3--Pay to play-as this person has explained Beautifully on the War thunder Forums-So let me sum up it here. Instead of playing and enjoying the game Gaijin wants the players to   1)Buy gold 2)Buy premium 3) Play the game a lot 4) Realize you can-'t do it without premium aircraft, buy premium aircraft 5) Lose your xxx on repair bills because you can-'t use your fully upgraded lower planes for higher level plane research xp. 6) Use your golden eagles to buy lions at exorbitant rates. 7) Rinse and repeat. Stop locking these threads, people need to know what Gaijin did.  Stop censoring the threads mods, your job is not censor the posts of the paying members and communities response. We all know the mods are purposely locking these threads trying to downplay the community response to this patch which is designed for one reason and  one reason only, to make the game take much longer and force a whole lot more golden eagle purchases.   We are not stupid, we can see right through you.- - Digital Zombielink - http://forum.warthunder.com/index.php?/topic/89224-research-really/as you can see Gaijin have become so full of themselfs they cant control what they have become without starting over. many people would agree that dont waste your time on this game till they get there ♥♥♥♥ together!.Regards ShiftY_.
