Addicting as f***. That is all.
Okay straight off the bat, I did not like this game at all, for like, two reasons.Reason No1: The lag is ♥♥♥♥in-' unbeliveable. I suck at FPS but i can usually get 1 kill per half hour of play, nope, not even close, i died 13 times before my game timed out, i think it timed out... i-'m half thinking that i was kicked for -feeding- not sure.Reason No2 (my most prominent issue with this game): This issue was in the damn Tutorial. I was told to destroy some explosives with a pack of C4,I thought, -Sure no problem, you mean this box over here that clearly has explosives on it?- *dies* -... was that not it? let me look around for something else then...- *10 mins later* -there is literally nothing else that even remotely resembles explosives, this has to be it...- *dies* -am i doing it wrong? am i too close? i-'ll stand further away and put it right on top of it then...- *dies* -i can-'t stand any further away!- at this point i got angry and decided to throw the C4 willynilly all over in the hopes of getting lucky.(announcer guy): 'alright now that that-'s done.- (me) -i-'m sorry... what? you wanted me to... throw the C4, over this wall, with no indication that the thing i need to blow up is there?-Now i-'m fully aware that i may be an idiot and i just didn-'t hear him say it was there, so i waited for my friend who was playing the tutorial at the same time as me to get to that point, so i could check that it wasn-'t just me... but no, we were given no indication of where to find the thing we were supposed to blow up.Yes i know two reasons isn-'t really enough to judge a game, but i judge a game on playability and how easy it is to learn to play, the tutorial other than that part was sub-par at best and we had instances of random glitching into places we weren-'t supposed to be in, like the railing the instructor stands on, which we had to clip out of.Now take from this review what you will, it-'s my personal experience with the game and my personal feelings towards it, the positive reviews out weigh the negative so maybe i was really unlucky.
