You should really get this game its so freaky at the first night i thought i would die but the minigames made me jump mostly the phantoms so you should really get this game theres a fourth game to coming in 10.31.15 so its really freaky so get the game
Aren-'t you glad Team Fortress 2 didn-'t wind up looking like this? Valve has created quite a game with the long-awaited Team Fortress sequel, bearing many similarities to its predecessor, though incorporating enough changes to make it feel fresh. The most obvious aspect, which you may have noticed from any of the screens and video posted, is the visual style. Even after getting sucked into probably too many hours of play in the beta over the past few weeks, we-'re still amazed at the art design, both in how it looks and how it animates. But let-'s not get too carried away with the graphics. It-'s a game, after all, and the most important factor is how it plays and if it-'s entertaining. It-'s interesting to see both Team Fortress 2, which has been in development on and off for some seven years now, and Splash Damage-'s Enemy Territory: Quake Wars, which has seen its own share of setbacks and delays, finally come out right around the same time. Their nearly simultaneous retail release presents and interesting situation for you, the consumer, as to how to spend your cash. You may fondly remember your days in Return to Castle Wolfenstein: Enemy Territory, dropping air strikes on hapless attackers and eagerly charging into bunkers to spout forth deadly plumes of flamethrower fuel. Yet you can-'t forget your days with Team Fortress Classic, or even further back with the original Team Fortress Quake mod, with its now painfully dated character models but compelling team-focused online play.  There-'s really no right answer in this case as to which game is ultimately better. It-'s merely personal preference. Quake Wars is assuredly the more complicated game. For those uninitiated in the ways of Enemy Territory, the scope, dynamic objectives, speed at which the tide of battle can turn and the number of things you need to quickly consider when that happens, and user interface can be rather daunting. After learning the ins and outs it-'s clearly an excellent product, but it lacks that immediate, irresistible appeal so prominent in Valve-'s Team Fortress 2. And accessibility may very well be the deciding factor in determining which product users prefer. Regardless, it-'s an excellent time to be a gamer, since as tough as it may be to pick one or the other, making either choice rewards you with a well designed and highly entertaining title. Like in Team Fortress Classic (TFC), Team Fortress 2 has nine character classes: Spy, Pyro, Soldier, Heavy, Medic, Sniper, Demoman, Scout and Engineer. Each class-' abilities on the battlefield have been streamlined, which, along with the graphics, is what makes Team Fortress 2 so much more accessible than TFC. No longer do you have Engineers running around with railguns and EMP grenades. Medics can-'t -infect- the other team, Spies don-'t have tranquilizer darts, and none of the classes have hand grenades. In TF2, each class has roughly three main ways of attacking - a primary weapon (the Heavy-'s minigun, Pyro-'s flamethrower, Engineer-'s sentry gun, etc.) and secondary (various classes have shotguns, others pistols, while the Demoman has a highly effective mine thrower) and melee weapons (the Scout-'s bat, the Medic-'s bonesaw, and so on). Though classes now possess fewer means of attacking, the resulting gameplay feels much more focused. Each class has a very clearly defined role and the means to ensure they perform successfully. The only limiting factor is, of course, how effectively your team meshes together.  If your Engineers aren-'t guarding their structures, Spies can wipe them out in seconds with a few sapper charges. If your team is full of Heavies and Soldiers but lacks Medics, you-'re not going to get very far. If you-'re playing a capture point map without any Scouts on your team, you might as well just leave the server or start berating your squadmates until a few switch classes. The Medic, though, seems to be the hinge on which all gameplay balance swivels. For TF2 they-'ve been given a health hose, which blasts out a restorative stream at friendlies within range and -sticks- to them as long as you keep the fire button depressed. As you heal injured teammates, or -overheal- to 150 percent health, an ubercharge meter builds in the bottom right of the screen. Unleashing this renders both target and Medic invulnerable for a few seconds, which is sometimes the only way to break through chokepoints populated with Heavies, Medics, and multiple tier three sentry guns. Even though Medics may be the most vital to a team-'s success, the other classes remain useful. Scouts, who are now rather deadly, are far and away the fastest, and their ability to double-jump and change direction in mid-air makes then all the more difficult to hit. Spies, in addition to being able to one-hit kill backstab the enemy, cause general chaos among enemy ranks. If your opponents know a spy is running around, they-'ll waste time and lose focus by shooting at their own teammates to try and reveal a disguised culprit. Pyros tend to be the most effective spy detectors, and can be frequently seen doing fiery pirouettes in 2Fort matches all over the beta servers, as a spy incognito will betray his cover by bursting into flames upon contact with the burning spray.In a September 26 Steam update, friendly fire was removed from TF2, which was definitely a good move. Friendly fire ruins much of the game considering the close-quarters maps combined with the wide area of effect attacks of Heavies, Pyros, Demomen, and Soldiers. Without FF, teammates are free to shoot each other, since if they bleed health, they-'re a spy.
Five Nights at Freddy-'s received positive reviews from critics. Indie Game Magazine praised Five Nights at Freddy-'s for its simple take on the horror genre, noting that its artistic direction and gameplay mechanics contributed to a feeling of -brutal tension- — worsened by how a player may be familiar with similar restaurants such as Chuck E. Cheese-'s, and that -it-'s an incredibly terrifying experience to try to save yourself from the single jump scare that ends the game.- In conclusion, Five Nights at Freddy-'s was considered a -fantastic example of how cleverness in design and subtlety can be used to make an experience terrifying.- However, the game was criticized for taking too long to load when launched.[1] Omri Petitte for PC Gamer gave Five Nights at Freddy-'s a score of 80 out of 100[2], commenting that the game took a -less-is-more- approach to its design, and that while -the AI isn-'t some masterwork of procedural unpredictability,- it would -[still] head straight to you and eat your face off, or it-'ll play around like an innocent child before closing in for the kill. Your mind will fill in the rest.- The game-'s overall atmosphere was praised for emphasizing the fear and suspense of an approaching threat, rather than the arrival of the threat itself, as executed in other horror-oriented games. However, the gameplay of Five Nights at Freddy-'s was criticized for becoming repetitive once a player masters it, as there is -not much more to expect beyond managing battery life and careful timing of slamming doors shut, so those with steely willpower won-'t find anything else past the atmosphere of it all.- Ryan Bates of Game Revolution gave the game a 4.5 out of 5; comparing its camera-oriented gameplay to the 1992 game Night Trap, he praised the game-'s minimalistic presentation (with particular emphasis on its audio design and lack of music) for contributing to the terror of the game, along with the fact that the -nervous impulses- of its repetitive gameplay would -[reach] almost OCD-type levels, adding to the tense environment.- In conclusion, he felt that the game was -horror done right,- but that it was too short. Eurogamer-'s Jeffrey Matulef compared the animatronic animals in the game to Weeping Angels — predatory creatures from the universe of Doctor Who — due to their ability to only move when they are not being observed.[3] Softpedia gave the game 4 out of 5 stars, with reviewer Cosmin Anton noting that it -drifts away from the classic first-person horror survival titles,- but that the -inability to move combined with the limited power available will make you feel quite helpless in front of those relentless robots that just want to share a bit of their -'love-' with you.-[4] 
The tensest moment in Five Nights at Freddy s 4 is a one-second lean. I m leaning out of a child s bedroom, a sharp departure from the Formica wasteland of Freddy Fazbear s pizzeria, peering down a hallway swallowed in darkness. I may as well be staring into a lion s mouth. When I risk a glance out one of the two flanking doors into the dark corridors beyond, my perspective skews unnervingly. I can imagine my hands hugging the wall, an ostensible anchor against the nightmares bumping in the blackness.Nothing jumps out at me this time. The moment passes, and it's back to the same movements and mouse-clicks I ve repeated dozens of times before. I should ve yawned five minutes ago, but soon I m once more forcing my heart back down my throat for my next peek outside. This repeats for quite some minutes. If FNAF 4 needed a box blurb, it d read something like a rollercoaster of apprehension.FNAF 4 s composition is another rivet in the series steel-clad design which immortalized its Let s Play legacy in a few short months: five 8-minute nights of staying put in a room while fending off a quick death (and a nasty jumpscare) from creepy, walking animatronic animals using careful surveillance and snappily blocking access to whatever shuffles close. Loud screeches and terrifying robotic visages are common, so a strong resolve helps. Mostly.Boy meets demonAbove anything, developer Scott Cawthon s tenacity at constantly tweaking his formula for horror is almost Kubrickian in its meticulousness. FNAF 4 s fundamentals stay firmly acquainted—a familiarly symmetrical room; the reprise of Bonnie, Chica, Freddy, and Foxy as primary antagonists; the usage of doors as a primary defensive mechanic—but its differences offer a refreshing new presentation of the risk-reward seesaw of its predecessors.Replacing the ever-troubled pizzeria from previous games is the nighttime bedroom of a kid who both substitutes for the hilariously underpaid security guard as the main character and clearly establishes his traumatic phobia of Freddy s friends with a constant Binding-of-Isaac-esque flow of tears. In a flagrant flouting of the status quo, the camera system is removed entirely. Checking for an impending attack involves running up to a door, leaning out, and clicking on a flashlight (thankfully with unlimited battery power) or slamming the door shut at the precise moment I anticipate something lunging for me.As before, staying alive demands familiarization with each animatronic s behavior. Where sight and constant camera tracking facilitated this in earlier games, FNAF 4 tosses that away for a different angle: sound. Audio cues—muffled footsteps, the metallic tinkling of shifting kitchen pans, a huff of breath from something Right Beside You—indicate when to use the flashlight or seal a doorway. Being proactive is essential; a single mistake invariably delivers a booming fright. I liked that avoidance of randomness in failure, as my actions and choices solely contributed to whether or not I d soon jump out of my chair.And that s really what Cawthon is best at: ensuring crystallized snapshots of stomach-dropping terror. FNAF 4 uses the sensitivity of your senses to prod out a panicked yelp every time. Does it work? Absolutely. It s absurdly rudimentary: straining to hear something barely above a whisper connects into a skull-shaking blast of sound and a horrible monster face stretched across the monitor. Of course it works.A minigame involving a plushified version of Springtrap can shave two hours off each night.But it s a bit worrisome to see an overall pivot away from what made the series so attractive in favor of a single, static mechanical loop across all five nights. The camera system, although imperfect—as later nights grew more difficult, staring too long at the video screen likely meant death—greatly defined the series identity. In FNAF 2, checking vents and winding the music box were integral counterparts to the cameras. FNAF 3 piled on the sinister inevitability of tracking a stalking killer.In many ways, the Five Nights games require a certain respect for their atmospheric lore, a twisted menagerie of cloudy dates, murder mysteries, and inter-relationships nearly as spaghettified as a Metal Gear Solid cutscene. Stepping into Freddy s world, like flipping open a King novel or tuning into a Carpenter classic, is an investment in putting aside disbelief and reveling in the supernatural guesswork of the genre. That s sadly tougher to pull off in Five Nights at Freddy s 4; the humdrum repetition of the same sequence over and over—door, listen, flashlight, repeat—is too much of a chore to fully pull me in. It s certainly the scariest of the four, but the subtle uneasiness and self-doubt so tellingly accomplished in its older brothers is diminished.
...
