I really really wanted to like this game. It had great visuals, a great premise, nice customisation options, modding, an interesting sounding campaign. I played it while it was in beta and kept on anticipating them adding more and more...but then they released 1.0 and said it was feature complete.But that's not the biggest problem, it simply is not fun. It goes through the motions of things that one should do to make a fun space RPG like an account ticking off boxes on a to do list....but I never really felt engaged. It doesn't garner my interest as it is so cut and dry. The combat is a bit boring, and so far I haven't felt particularly threatened or in a situation I couldn't easily escape if it was getting a bit too hot to handle. In combat you also have some passive abilities, but you can press 1,2,3 or 4 to activate...boring abilities, and you have consumable items that can buff you for a short time if things are getting a bit more pressing. This is ever so routine and much the same as any RPG and yet Torchlight as an RPG is charming and is full of 'soul' and 'character'.Starpoint Gemini 2 on the other hand doesn't have any of that, and the campaign...ugh...I wish they had paid for better actors. I don't know who they are and don't care to look them up, but they convey the story along with about as much enthusiasm as those 5 year olds reading their scripts directly from the pages in the 'Avatar: The last airbender' movie. Is it worth the price of admission? Eh...maybe, if you're a first time gamer and want to spend your money on a pretty looking space RPG for a few hours of 'fun' looking at the pretty visual and the pew pew laser death - then yeah maybe drop some cash on it.Meanwhile I remember the days of Freelancer past when the storyline was engaging, voice actors conveyed the situation, it was FUN and engaging - you could tell the creators behind it had a passion! In summary Starpoint Gemini 2 will not give you numerous hours of entertainment, but it is pretty to look at for a little while until you can find something else to scratch that space RPG itch. I reward this game 50% for all its technical excellence, but I award it no further points for failing to provide fun and excitement.If you felt that X: Rebirth was boring, then give this a miss as it has far far less content or ability to provide fun.
I could spend a long time giving a long winded speel about why it is good or bad, and if it is worth it. The executive summary is - yes it is worth it. It isn't a perfect game, nor the best game, but the entertainment value is easily worth the price of admission.$29.99 yeah - worth it! Hours of fun! Better value than the price of admission to a movie.$5.99 special - BUY IT NOW!
