BUY IT. Best puzzle game ever (and I've played a lot of brilliant ones, and bad ones)The puzzle mechanics are brilliant and sensible- look for clues (easy to do thanks to the smooth interface), and apply logic to solve the puzzles- yet still very challengingThe visual design, sound, music, atmosphere and storytelling are first-class. The Room manages to be creepy for these reasons alone- not a single jumpscare or trace of violence (so hypothetically, suitable for all ages).Five stars.
Brilliant, beautiful game.In many ways even better than Defense Grid 1 (which is really, really saying something).They actually found great ways to expand upon the formula with 1- more intuitive tower types, such as -boost- towers that do the functions the old -Command Towers- did- but also allow OTHER towers to sit on top of them, for a better vantage point 2- more challenging enemies, including EMP aliens that temporarily shut down towers nearby when they are killed, and ones that -'drop-' shields for other aliens to pick up3- Some customization of the towers and superweapons that remains nicely balanced.4- Dynamic level design that you can change in some ways (for example, adding a whole new section of level if you need more space to separate the aliens from the cores).A tiny bit short is my only complaint- but even THEN it-'s worth every cent!Buy it. NOW.
As someone who is lukewarm to online deathmatch (but massively enjoyed deathmatch in Q3A, PREY and COD4), as far as I'm concerned, THIS game has killed classic-style deathmatch shooters. It's insanely fun and suits a LOT of gameplay approaches (including hanging at the back and offering more passive support if you're not too good with a gun).For some reason, the people it attracts are a LOT friendlier than in other deathmatch games, even on enemy teams- my server frequently enables 'all talk' so we can chat.The classes are surprisingly well balanced, and that's despite the fact they don't actually NEED to be as their main job is to serve different jobs (which are fun). Although just as fun, you don't NEED them if you know how to organize yourselves (me and some friends decided to attack an enemy base entirely as scouts).The alt weapons are actually nicely balanced. Instead of being merely 'better' than the regular weapons, they simply fit a specific style of gameplay (the best are actually earned through achievements). For example, alt rocket launchers are better than the standard version in some areas, but worse in others- and thus are, in effect, actually equal.
Overall, I quite liked most of it and recommend it (it's free anyway).The time-travel mechanic is VERY nicely executed, and a LOT of fun to figure out.From the start of the game I found myself having a lot of fun with it. Having it there adds a new, very interesting mechanic that really puzzles the brain like very few portal mods can really achieve.HOWEVER. This game suffers from a lot of very common problems that plague Portal 2 mods and maps:-The maps are needlessly HUUUGE. In a lot of areas you just walk and walk, merely to push a button- and then you have to backtrack. It does get a little pedantic- especially once you've figured out what you're supposed to do. A lot of it is to make way for the custom story.-This is made worse by the fact there is HARDLY any surfaces you can actually place a portal on. In fact, some whole levels see you never even using the portal gun- so a lot of walking.-The game seemed to quickly drop logical challenges and veer towards timing/acrobatic puzzles, which I personally hate. This seems to apply to the 'jump on your clone and get launched in the air' mechanic- where sometimes you get stuck in her head).BUT- none of these happen in the early levels, so you can simply download it, fire it up, and play it as long as you enjoy it.(and of course, some people likely enjoy some of the above mechanics or don't mind them).
IT-'S BAD. I regret buying it. (note, includes African Kingdoms and Forgotten campaigns).The artwork put into the structurse in African Kingdoms is truly a sight to behold... but that-'s really all the praise I have for it.Based on Age of Kings- a game that sadly isn-'t as fun as I remembered; here are the reasons I hate this game. It-'s extremely buggy and prone to crashes. The interface and AI is shamefully bad  and the gameplay is really quite boring and annoying. Expect units (yours and enemy alike) to get confused by simple orders and easily distracted from attacking an enemy unit to instead focus on a harmless nearby building or to put together a (pointless) formation.Worst of all are the campaigns. 90% are escort missions with hardly any base-building parts (the whole point of Age of Empires games) at all. Unlike other RTSs, AOK-'s combat dynamics are terrible. So you sit bored out of your mind as you guide your clumsy squad around an obstacle course where every -combat- situation involves your squad slowly chipping away at an enemy until they (eventually) win.
This game is outright awful. Its major problem is that it is purely an RPG, merely with a FPS perspective (and while RPGs typically boil down to stat designation to compensate for not having any gameplay- a FPS game has no excuse, especially when other FPS like FarCry 3 mix RPG elements perfectly fine). -Interface is clumsy-Skills system is awful- instead of simply enhancing your proficiency or giving you new, handy abilities (like FC3), it simply unlocks arbitrary -XX minimum skill level required before you are allowed to do this task- restrictions. And the only way to level up is to hunt down hundreds of enemies, it seems. Also, you get very poor information as to what leveling up otherwise does for you-Weapons are clumsy and weak. A fake -'ironsights-' mechanic doesn-'t help.-Enemies are boring and scarce-Exploration is a chore as everything is so far apart with no faster way of travelling to new areas than walking slowly to them-You want to avoid collecting items as they make you heavier, and you-'re not allowed to fast-travel for some reason, forcing you to open up your options menu and manually take out dozens of items until your weight gets back into the green-Lots of bugs and glitches- game crashed a few times, and that part where the bad guy shoots the sheriff? Apparently I was supposed to sit back and watch, as punching him causes the sheriff to shoot me instead, ignoring the other guy.-Tutorials are obscene- typically FPSs presume you already know how to walk and hit the -'e-' key, but presume you don-'t know the more advanced mechanics like how -'stealing-' works, Karma works, is there a consequence for shooting drones or picking up too many objects, how radiation poisoning works. Not this game, instead it spends 30 or so minutes dragging us through the obvious mechanics, and expects the player to figure the rest for themselves.I don-'t recommend even playing it. I wish I actually didn-'t.
This game is amazing!It incorporates a number of ambitious gameplay elements, and excecutes them BRILLIANTLY. The stealth system is superb, the combat system also superb and the powers are extremely useful, easy and comfortable to use and very nicely balanced.As the authors claimed, you have a LOT of options open to you in every mission (speedrunning through, killing everyone, or sneaking past every individual unnoticed without harming a fly). There are also a LOT of very intuitive ways to gain access to your targets and also to escape afterwards.To top it off, this game rewards exploring! You can find hidden shortcuts, or supplies, or also excellent upgrades for your arsenal or your powers, and considering the powers at your disposal, many of these are ingeniously hidden.The story is just beautiful (in both the good and evil endings). Characters are excellent too (despite looking kinda similar). My only huge complaint is that the game is quite short (as are the expansion packs)- but they're worth it anyway.Highly recommended!
Lol. Let's establish that this 'game' is actually a level-design showcase in disguise:And in that sense it's amazing seeing what the author made- it feels so amazingly immersive and magnificent to look at.The downside is that it's about 2+ hours of slowly (VERY SLOWLY) walking along a countryside (and a cave) listening to a guy talking about antibiotic yoghurt (no I'm not joking). Strangely it IS quite a moving experience. Just make sure that you save it for the most horrible stormy day and you have absolutely NOTHING better to do for the entire time than walk around a virtual landscape that is mostly empty.(alternatively you could noclip through it or possibly augment the player's movement speed in the console- I only tried the first one, but I'd recommend the second if you can)
