I admit it. I never played the first or second Dirt games. I just never got around to them.  I picked up this game in the sales of 2012 and by golly this scratched my itch for a fantastic rally racer.The campaign is broken up into tournaments. The higher you place in those tournaments along with how much rep you gain from completing various challenges, the quicker you progress through the game.There are 2 main modes of play. The first is regular rally, which can range from head-to-head races,  rally cross, speed runs and traditional time attacks. The second is Gymkana, a mode where you wrestle with your controller, mash your teeth and swear profusely as you drift, slide and jump your way through a playground track to earn as many points as possible in a limited amount of time. It's not for everyone and can leave you frustrated and angry as you fail to perform a 1080 degree spin with the ease and fluidity of Ken Block. Custom difficulty settings make a return from Codemasters F1 series, allowing you to tweak with setting such as driving lines, traction and if you want the game to assist with steering and braking, opening up the game for newcomers while leaving the door wide open for veterans of the series who want the most realistic experience possible.The graphics in this game are nothing really short of phenomenal. Textures are lovely, the frame rate is rock solid and the particle effects are amazing. Sitting in the cockpit of a offroad buggy in the snow with snow flying in your face is nothing short of fantastic fun, despite flying off on the next corner.But this game does come with it's faults. Codemasters have gone with the route of constant microtransactions, asking you to cough up if you want a certain livery or particular brand of car. You can earn a majority of the cars and liveries through regular play but simply the notion of constant nagging for microtransactions can be off-putting.So, if this is your first rally game and wish to experience the best PC gaming can offer, jump right in and smash into a tree on the first corner. If you have played and liked the previous Dirt games, this one you can't afford not to pick up.
You know this is a good game when you keep saying to yourself -just one more game-For 6 hours straight.
♥♥♥♥ing dragons. Need I say more? Also ENB Mods because ♥♥♥♥ consoles.
