This game is a lot of fun if you put a little imagination into it. Although it does get a bit boring after a while every so often I do like to come back and play it. It is an excellent tycoon and I got over 30 hours of gameplay.
[Note: There is a simple pros/cons list at the bottom to summarise my point if you don't want to read all this]Making a short review now that I have finished it. Basically if you enjoyed Deus Ex: Human Revolution you will enjoy this game (Worth noting that you probably really do need to play it to enjoy it as this is almost a direct continuation in story and you will probably be missing a lot by not playing Human Revolution first). Most the bad reviews are for performance issues and microtransactions but the game itself is solid and very fun. Optional microtransactions that do nothing but give you points to upgrade your character faster in a singleplayer game are hardly worth complaining about. I have 8GB RAM and an MSI Geforce 960 and I do need to run the game on low settings as anything higher gives some incredibly low framerate, especially for the first mission which oddly seems to be the laggiest most taxing area of the game. However I never experienced crashing of any kind, my game sat at 50-60 fps for the majority of the game only dropping between 20-40 in certain areas and usually not for more than a few seconds. However I do have one complaint and that is the games length. Although it is not incredibly short, finishing it as well as a majority of the side quests in about 28 hours total by the end of it I did feel as though I had only finished three quarters or perhaps two thirds of the game. Essentially it left me feeling as though the story needed just that little bit extra length to properly explore and develop the story. Needless to say however this is a Deus Ex game so replayability is always plentiful.Pros:- Good story- Good characters- Great gameplay- Plenty of replayability and challengeCons:- Far less enjoyable story without playing the previous game- Highly demanding for your PC. Be sure to check that you meet the requirements- I guess microtransactions are bad? Even though without them it's the exact same game with one less feature.- Somewhat short. (28 hours)I would all in all rate the game at about a 7 or 8. It's a good game and certainly worth playing with some minor issues. To be honest I think the $60 price is a bit high and is worth more towards $40-$50.
Great game to play alone or with friends. Take on waves of monsters with a huge variety of weapons, classes and maps. Although it is a simple game, it is certainly worth the price and I would recommend it to those looking for both a good singeplayer experience and fantastic co-op experience.
Although it looks like just a simple flash game, it's really so much more. I easily got 12+ hours of gameplay from this. if you're looking for a game that's lots of fun, has excellent replayability and can become very challenging, this is certainly the game for you.
Great multiplayer fun for everyone, whether you want to play competitively or just ♥♥♥♥ around with friends. Strongly recommend for anyone looking for a good co-op game to play with friends.
