Personal opinion from an average gamer. Recommended if you want to back the game - for an early access and the price of the game, it gives a satisfying amount of content.Take into account that without a wiki and having only played one playthrough with Broken Lords, my opinion can be argued relevant, but, limited.Straight up for people, like myself, who want alot to play around with - aside from the expensive mercenaries and heroes, there are only 3 unique units per faction. This isn't positive or negative, I just figure it to be something to take into consideration.Endless Legend is great but it suffers the early access. Four big things sucker punched my experience:1. AI is half baked imo.Only one faction (bug people) was tough because it focus spammed units at me, the other factions were a cakewalk considering they were made up of archers or came from a less developed civ.You might overlook this until suddenly all the factions gave up half way through the game, by turn 100 out of 200 turns I ended up capturing all enemy cities with absolutely ZERO resistance.2. Forget about politics. Other factions immediately hate you and demand waaaay too much to become neutral, even when you're about to completely annihilate them (I wished for a diplomatic win).3. Storyline quest bugged right at the end.Bugged as in I met all the, very nit-picky, requirments to proceed, yet it still wouldn't let me (like getting to third base in a relationship, only to give you the middle finger). This is probably just me being Broken Lords and having reached the 200 turn maximum (you can continue after 200 turns so it may have been a glitch). I just consider that if their's going to be a storyline, it should be thouroughly looked over.4. Awkward fighting system.Perhaps the most intended problem. When you choose to initiate moves for your units, they play out the option twice. So say I want my infantry to hold a line and my archers to hide behind it. If an enemy is out of range for my archer, there is no way to tell them to run in front of the infantry, shoot, then run back behind the infantry. More of an understanding if you exp the game, but this is very irritating.Sum it up in a sentence: I loved the game, there was alot to explore in both map and content, but, in its current state the mystery is short lived after 50 or so turns - support the game, but I'll be waiting for extra content to make the current content relevant.
Timeless
