Half-Life 2 is one of those games that everyone has, but not everyone has played. I still get surprised whenever I come across someone who spends a lot of time playing games, but hasn't finished (or even played) Half-Life 2.The story telling in this game is fantastic. The story, characters and levels are well developed and it's clear just how much time went into making the game. I love all the detail put into level design, character development and design, and voice acting.Some people think the graphics are a little dated, which is true. It's a game from 2004. But if anything, I think it adds to the feel of the game. Additionally, what game will never have it's graphics dated? Technology changes people, gosh.If you have Half-Life 2 in your steam library but haven't yet played or are yet to acquire a copy, I strongly recommend giving it a shot. You won't regret it. You'd better be quick though, you'd want to finish it before Half-Life 3 is released!And of course you've gotta love some ABHing, wall climbing and grenade jumping while speedrunning!Super highly recommended!Happy Life Halving!
5 stars - that's why there's no vacancy.
A nice, short game to play when you have a little time (and cash) to spend.A good mix of puzzle, timing and reaction gameplay brought together to a small, but well built game.Recommended.Happy gravity wells!
Cross of the Dutchman looks real nice and has solid mechanics.
Even since I first saw the trailer of BIT.TRIP RUNNER, I was pretty much a fan of the genre, series and developer. When I first heard of Runner2 being released, I knew that I would get it, preferably as a pre-order. And get it I did!At first I wasn't sure of the drastic change of the graphics style with the 'added dimension', but after pretty much the first map, I was sold.The controls are responsive and easy to get a hold of. The gameplay is addictive, if a little repetitive. The content is solid, with 100 normal levels + a few retro ones, a bunch of different playable characters, mutliple difficulties, and collectibles!The checkpoint, and having it optional, is a very good feature in Runner2. It lets the newer players feel less cheated when bonked near the end of a level and gives experienced players the option for more of a challenge along with a large point bonus.I highly recommend this game, especially to fans of the original game.Happy running!
This game runs fine on my GTX 970, and I just beat the game today. This is truly an incredible experience.
The voice command control scheme works really well, with a decent alternative if using voice isn't your thing. The story is fairly short, but the quality of it and the voice acting easily makes up for it.The characters react and interact well with what you say.There is also a War Room mode where you can test out strategies, weapon combinations and custom commands you've set.Along with those features, the soundtrack is really great. Big Giant Circles and Ronald Jenkees did a fantastic job on it and it fits the theme of the game very well.I look forward to Iridium Studios' next game, as well as spending more time with this one.
