A very clever strategy game that builds on the gameplay of the civilization genre and manages to combine excellent turn-based tactical combat with it. At times it can feel a little like Heroes of Might and Magic with the cluttered maps. But generally a very well thought out and beautiful game. The AI can be a bit odd in combat so be careful with micromanagement. Some aspects of the game - such as upgrading and equipping units as well as making new units - can be hard to find and work out at first. But other than that most of the controls make perfect sense. I was able to work out most of the game without using the tutorial at all.This game as I write this still has major bugs and sometimes will crash to desktop without warning and even pops up the odd null pointer exception from time to time (the game handles errors very well though, it reorts it, fixes it and often allows you to continue playing!). I ran the 32 bit app on the 64 bit windows and turned off post processing in the options which seemed to solve 99% of the crashes. So suggest that people give that a go.Great work overall and a worthy addition to the Endless series of games!Just use a few more Try/Catch and IF tags around object references guys. ;)
One of my favourite games, mainly because of the varied options, great mods and constant replayability. Essentially a very sand-box rpg where you can become a lord or even a king (or Queen) or just run around as a merc. Raise armies, tax people, build or destroy. Your choice. In battles it is a very well done FPS with swords, axes, bows, crossbows. Charge in with a lance or form a spear wall with supporting crossbows. In particular I would recommend the Sword of Domacles mod.
This game is nothing more than a few simple mechanics allowing you to walk (assuming you can find your way) between a seemingly endless series of cutscenes. Story is... ok.. just a snippet of some of the most boring portions of the books that vaguely attempts to tie itself in with the TV series. The Water Dancer mechanics don't really work, archers are useless. When not watching cut scenes or holding absurdly long conversations the game is little more than a treasure hunt with some random mindless killing. There is one puzzle, but it is so simple a child could solve it in seconds. The options for Mors have very little bearing on the story at all, not mych better for Alester - though at least some choice there. But bugs, wow so many little areas with glitches in them. I would not recommend that anyone buys this game at all, not for more than a few dollars anyway.
Probably the best Civ version yet. Complex strategy on a hex map grid. Very very awesome. :)
If you want a challenging and quite gory FPS then this is the game. Extremely hardcore combat against waves of all sorts of mutated beasties. Comes with a sandbox mode to really challenge yourself when you get sick of dying repeatedly on normal mode. The game does NOT have an easy mode.
