The last Call of Duty to support dedicated servers on PC, so arguably the last Call of Duty worth playing on PC. There still reamins a small, freindly and dedicated community around this game which make it still a joy to play. The Visuals hold up well enough in 2014 and the gameplay is still enjoyable with many custom servers tweaking the experience to improve it. Virtually no one cheating which is a refreshing change from newer titles and some seriosuly good players left playing, so there challenge is there if you want it.I would still recommend this over every subsequent releases and in my opinion remains one of if not the best, certainly the last true Call of Duty title.
What can I say, Counter Strike has always been an excellent shooter and CS GO is arguably the pinnacle of the series. The addition of ranked competitive matches are essential to the experience in CS GO, with other modes being generally less impressive than straight forward public servers seen in previous titles. Cheating is more prevalent than ever within ranked matches, leading to many disappointing experiences especially within the higher ranked matches.The monetisation of skins is purely optional and while a total waste of money it is reasonably unobtrusive if that is not something you are into. The addition of wagering on professional matches in the game probably warrants an ethical discussion, especially for younger players.The DLC packs are generally not worth a purchase as they are now no longer required to play the maps and only offer additional achievements and vanity items. Having said that the quality of these DLC maps overall can be a mixed bag, but regular content updates are always great to see.I probably wouldn't suggest this title to younger players as the monetisation options cannot be disabled, the community is generally quite abusive and the amount of cheaters may lead to more frustration than fun for committed but less mature players.Having said that this is probably one of the best competitive first person shooters ever made, there are quite literally hundreds if not thousands of hours of gameplay here due to the depth offered in both skill and strategy. Unfortunately, much like in many other competitive online games, it is the community that lets the game down the most with rampant cheating and generally unpleasant people being never too hard to run into.I would recommend this game to any shooter fan, but it's certainly not for the faint hearted, expect to get seriously beat up on if you are coming in cold.
Excellent, polished gameplay that is easily the best in the series. Doesn-'t suffer from being an open world experience, but probably doesn-'t benefit greatly from it either. Boss battles are virtually non existent, which is a real let down as these have always been a significant part of the experience.The visuals are great, however as a PC port it has poor-ish performance with AMD grapphics cards and dual GPU support isn-'t anywhere to be found, so ultra HD resolutions or even ultrawide resolutions simply won-'t be possible. Nvidia gameworks needs to stop being a thing.The story however is awful, Chapter 1 is strong however Chapter 2 is padded out with mission replays, very few story missions and the final game mission was cut. Finishing the game feels very unusual, you will notice the lack of content without a doubt. Howeber even in general terms the story lacks the characters and development seen in previous games, so even when it-'s working, the story isn-'t really up to the franchise standards.I would recommend this game sure enough, but MGS fans will be sorely disapointed and people unfamiliar with MGS are probably set to have the most rewarding experience. Kojima was always touting -for the fans- however this final installment is a real gut shot for anyone that has been along for the ride.
Excellent co-op 4 player PVE game, if you enjoy similar games (L4D or PD1) you will enjoy this. Positives: Runs smooth on modest hardware, very few bugs, good graphics and lots to unlock, heaps of content coming out in DLC with new extreme difficulty just added.Negatives: Noobs or generally inept players will ruin matches (really need strong 4 player team at higher levels), unlocking weapon mods is necessary however very grindy which can lead to lots of parties simply speed farming, lots of parties just looking to farm on stealth, need to use a mic for any significantly difficult maps.Not much here to keep you coming back after around 100 hours of play, although that is quite a bit of game for the asking price.8/10
Despite the low server population and steep learning curve this is one of the most underrated and rewardingly deep first person shooters ever made. It has a genuinely unique premise, excellent graphics, is well optimised and stable and boasts an impressive depth of both skill and strategy to the gameplay. If not for the dwindling population and high likleyhood of getting utterly detroyed by veteran players, I would totally recommend that every FPS fan play this.The community is somewhere between welcoming and scornful and while newbies may be welcome in some corners, this is a game where you should expect to get totally and utterly destroyed by series veterans.This will forever be one of the most underated games ever made.
This was generally considered one of the poorer releases of Counter Strike and I tend to agree. Very much unlike 1.6 much to many people's displeasure and currently significantly inferior to CS GO. Very casual atmostphere, lots of cheaters, horrid community and currently poor server population. When it was released, no one seriously played this game in competition and almost ended Counter Strike as a competative game. It was reasonable for a quick pub server jam session with freinds, but that was about it. I can think of no reason to continue to play this as even the most determined Source players have since moved onto CS GO. At this point, this game should probably just be free as I can't imagine any reason someone would purchase it.
I have no idea why I played so much of this, but it is/was fairly good fun if you enjoy chess style games. Balance is crazy bad once you start facing the paid amries en mass, but playing against balanced (free) foes this is a pretty reasonable strategy game you can play in the background.
This game is excellent, end.
Mostly now only modded servers and plenty of -pro- (eye roll) players to grief you, but by itself it-'s a great zombie shooter.If you enjoyed the co-op experience of L4D you will enjoy this. Wave based PVE with a final boss, in a static map, so no moving through areas or anything like that (however patrolling and staying mobile is the most viable way to live). Quite a bit more difficult than L4D on highest difficulty, it provides a solid challenge and different style of play.Probably less co-op focused than L4D, as there really aren-'t any CC mechanics other players need to help you from. Just straight up HP based combat with rounds.Good stuff.
