Let me tell you the story of a man. His adventures would ne-'er be forgotten.He woke up on a beach, far away from society. Realizing that he had nothing on, he began to venture. Far and wide he walked, discovering new things each meter he goes. A blocky world like this, it bears resemblance to a game. Finally discovering structures, he made a beeline for it. As he entered the seemingly abandoned town, he yelled for a response. He did get a response, however not what he had hoped. 14 zombies came directly for him, not knowing what to do, he ran. Far, far away he went, with zero sense of direction. The man decided to take a break, so he lay on the soil and slept...Six days later, he awoke. A group of people had managed to stumble upon him. Requesting to join them, they accepted. Those group of people had much adventures together... Then, came 3.0. With many new items and modifications, this man was excited to discover these features. First came new weapons, then came grenades, zombie upgrades, weapon skins and costumes, helicopters, boats and planes... and finally, sentry guns. This world was beginning to be completed. There was, however one disadvantage. With the world being more smooth, the man froze with every step. Large delays occured wherever he looked. He thought to himself, -I could deal with this.-, so he went on.He discovered a plane, and chose to give it a spin. The flight was pretty successful, however during his descent, he froze. He was able to move 10 seconds later, however by that time, his plane was already near the floor. Observing the nearby environment for the last time, he noticed that right where he was about to crash, there was a naked man fending off zombies. With not but a few moments to live, he chose to assist a fellow human. He steered the plane towards the person. The man thought of his adventures, all the fun he had. His chain of thoughts came to an end. With the last being: 'ALLAHU AKBAR!-.And that, is the story of my gaming experience of Unturned...10/10 would not wear clothes throughout the entire adventure again.
