Magicite is an awesome side scrolling game. It's sort of like Terraria but not so miney, and open world like. It is an awesome game with a beatiful sound track and is worth the $10. It would be better, if the spawns were different and there were a lot more options, but right now it is still seriously cool. I cant wait for more updates and new features, one of which I hope is a bigger inventory.
If you like scary games and want to crap yourself, this is your game. It provides creepy antagonists and an amazing sound board. Like animotronic robots at your favourite child fast food resturaunt? Play this game and you will want to bring a bat with you every single time you go. Especialy if you work there. The story is that the robots are given a -free roaming mode- at night and you have to make sure they dont get out of -Freddy Fazbear-'s Pizza- A resturaunt dear to childrens hearts. When you get the job and start your work you will notice that they are moving about the resuraunt. Being the cautious person you are, you stay in your booth waiting to get out and earn your $4 per hour. On your first/second/third/fourth night you will be called by the previous night guard. He tells you a bit and say to conserve your power, this is an important feature. After that you are free to try and survive the nights as you wish.I Strongly recomend this to the people that love scary movies/games, this will make you crap yourself.-Stay the f*** away!- ~Markiplier
Nether is like DayZ, in the sense of survival and trust. Only trust the people you know, such as friends or family. In Nether you fight to survive an apocolypse in witch demons have taken over. What you do is find components and food. Components for guns and food to survive. You don't create guns yourself, you get the parts and go find someone who can create them, but the guns you can create are fun. In of the sample pictures at the top of the page, you will see someone holding a can with a handle and a mark saying bullet here. This is, wierdly enough, a shotgun! A shotgun, made from a fly spray can. The things in the game are pretty basic but I hope that they add new things. Note to the creators, add in a crafting section for players to create things. I wanna create my own god damn fly spray can shotty!
This is one of the best games ever! This game requires Stealth and Agility with a lot of planning. Defiently get this.
Awesome story! Well worth the money, can't wait for the other episodes to come out! Wish they were our already.
Love dungeon Crawlers? Then this is the game for you. Fight your freinds and defeat the boss. Thats it. Its quite simple but brilliant. This game is a good representation on how to fight your friends and win. This game can tear your friendship apart though. So beware of that. XD Anyway get this game. Its sale price is $10 buts its worth $100. Its so awesome and amazing! BUY IT!!!
The Stanley parable is an awesome game all about choice. I love it, it's one of the most awesome games I have ever played and heard about. I remember the original mod and still to this day LOVE it. But there is only one little problem with this game. WE NEED MORE GOD DAMN CONTENT!! I feel the creator should really add in some new endings and lines for the narrator, but most of all, WALKTHROUGHS!!! I WANT THE DAMN WHITEBOARD ENDING!!!Anyways in the game you will be given a choice. Go with the crowd or go solo and make your own story. I really recommend to go against the system but still, do what you want to do. The game will allow it. The narrator may be sad but who cares, its just a game. The game also has lots of twist and hilariousness. I'm not going to spoil it because its such an awesome game but stanley should get is PAYDAY. (See what I did there? :D) Overall, GET THE DAMN GAME!!!
Ok, this game had a good premice. Shoot zombies, monsters and robots with friends. That was a good idea. But its not a good idea if people from anywhere other than where they set up try to play. Im Australian and every single time I shot an enemy it would register and do damage. When I roll away from the Attacks, I would still get hit. This game is bad if you arent near their servers. And I don't like that. I will retract this review, as soon as Australian servers come in to this game. Until then, its a bad game for me.
FREAKIN' DINOSAURS!!! What more do you need!?!
Ok, so to start off, I have not played a lot at the time of my writing this. But I have played enough to make a review, and my overall review for this game is BUY IT! This game is awesome, it may not be the prettiest and there are still a few bugs to work out but if you want a game that can scare the crap outta you, play this.Now for my experience, I started the game and everything seemed normal enough, I picked up everything, set up some cameras and explored the map. At some point I thought -Lets go to the night portion... biggest mistake ever! I start up the night and look through my cameras (Im not stupid enough to walk outside during night in a horror game!) and I notice that the cameras have a motion sensor. So I stupidly choose one of the lit up buttons, and witness the RAKE, not only break my camera, but also SCREAM IN MY EAR! I was so scared my heart missed a beat or two. After that I tried to scare the crap out of my friend by making him wear the headphones while I search to find the RAKE. I couldnt find him on the cameras so I head outside to hunt him. After five minutes I see the RAKE in the middle of the path and attack, missing him completely and making him run away. I try to follow but couldnt catch up, so I decide to set up a camera and run back to base. At this point my friend is hearing the RAKE running behind us and think not to tell me incase I look back. He shoulve told me, becauise I turn back and soil myself along with him to the RAKE hitting me, screaming and running away. Overall Rating: 10/10 buy this game for a good horror fun time
