Gameplay is tight and easy to learn, but the right amount of hairpulling difficult and shoot em up fun. The HD retouching by Fruitbat Factory is a sight to behold and really shows the effort they put in bringing sora to life on steam.
This game reminded me of how hard social interaction is and more importantly made me forget how to type.10/10
*SLIGHTLY SPOILER-Y*As silly as it sounds, my experience playing Undertale was just that: an experience. Gameplay-wise, it's incredibly simple. Walk, talk, battle enemies. But it's how it utilizes those simple elements and creates a powerful story centered around it. As you walk from point A to point B, you can feel that you have made a journey. You're exploring this foreign, perilous world, you grow attached to the interesting and quirky characters you meet, and the way you face against your enemies is actively shaping the outcome of your adventure. This is a game were, like in real life, everything has powerful consequences that you can't just run away from (even if you try the age old habit of save scumming, something that Undertale LOVES to pull apart and analyze).A lot can be taken from Undertale, and very rarely does a game succeed in so many ways on leaving a mark on its player. Many of the game's concepts (the deconstruction of the rpg, the psychology of in-game characters and the godlike powers of a player to manipulate the game's world) can of course be preached by lesser artist's, but TobyFox has combined visuals, gameplay, story, music, and character and shaped them all into such a unique game that has proven it deserves all the recognition it gets.While I may not have the heart to play the game again, I absolutely want to see other players experience it for the first time like I did. Please pick up this game if you have the chance. It's worth it.
Gorgeous. Not much else for me to say than that. The visual design, the story's pacing, and especially the soundtrack all lend themselves to a wonderfully crafted, if a bit short, game unlike any other I've played. That alone makes Transistor worth buying.
Play it! Play it NOW!!
