This isnt ace of spades...Since when did a f2p game cost $15USD...Go back and ruin runescape jagex.
This gam is so shetpepl h@ on me cuz i paly riki cuz dey jeli of my skill
Quite a dissapointment to what was shown on the trailers.A huge -Pay to win- fest, You will be surprised on what you can do for free... not very muchOverall the gameplay is nice, Playing against other players either as Police or the Criminals brings fun and competitive gameplay.The customisation is lacking unless you pay real money...Unless you play with friends this game becomes a huge dissapointment to quickly.
-Purchase game-Try to login--Access code required---okay- i say and check email as told-20 minutes later no code-2 hours later no code-go to sleep fustrated, wake up 8 hours later-No code10/10 cant even play the ♥♥♥♥ing game.EDIT: Thanks to some helpful people and sacrificing sheep to satan i finally got the whole code ordeal sorted.The game is fun i guess
Drank Bleach and got banned from a server.would get banned again 11/10
Very fun sandbox, If you can think it... you can most likely make it.-r The main problem is the online, although it is alot of fun, There is alot of young players who tend to ruin the fun for the more mature players.-r most of the gamemodes are fun to play, i suggest starting with TTT (Trouble in terrorist town) Or Sledbuild (Players build sleds with anything, You can make beds to houses and RACE THEM!! :D)-r Its a 9/10-rA Must Get Game... It requires a game with the source engine (Half life 2, Counter strike source)-rGet counter strike source with it. It contains all the textures and models for almost every gamemode.
Could use some updates and patches.-rThe animations need work, The zombie animations are hilariously bad.-rMultiplayer is fun, The -Escape- modes are fun to play.-rThe realism is immersive and scary at times (You need to check up on ammo, You can get infected, You can bleed and lose health quite fast at times)-rYou can also barricade doors... Barricade... :D-rOverall the game is a 7/10.-rIts fun, Great to play with friends.
