Tried a wrecking ball animation.Chain was too small.EVERYTHING EXPLODED.Tried a plane crash animation.Took 6 hours to bake.Forgot to make flame effect child to the engine that was on fire.This was when I didn-'t care enough to try and learn.I used to just complain about it in my review.Then I actually took the time to learn.And now I can make fabulous animations.Because I learned.Instead of just whining about -HOW BLENDER IS TOO HARD TO USE, UGH! I HATE IT! THUMBS DOWN!!!!! 0/10!-.
Bad reviewers: I don't wanna learn to use it, and I'm just gonna complain about it being too hard!Good reviewers: It's a nice software. I reccomend it.Ahem... reviewers: Porn!Me: It's pretty good.
Guy who was new said he was bitten.Asked how to cure the bite.I said it was easy.Told him just to hit K and then click and it would cure the infection.He did it.His character shot himself.10/10, Would k+click again.
SPOILERS!!!!!: My favorite part of episode 3 was leaving Lily behind after she shot Doug. You don't just SHOOT Doug!Because Doug is Doug, and Doug is Life. Doug.8.5/10, Would Doug again. One problem, not being able to save Carley and Doug, then throw Carley in front of Lily's gun to save Doug. DOUG! I've said Doug so many times it no longer looks or sounds like a word. Worth it. Doug.
Hop onto server.Meet kid with voice chat.He's friendly.Say I'm friendly.Find more friendlys.Become good friends.Friend them on steam.Keep playing on same server.Once, kill them all with a sledgehammer, and take over our base for myself.They start screaming in voice chat.They get banned.Unfriend from steam.Find another server.Find more friendlys.Repeat...10/10 would friendly again.
Used to play this. Pretty good. Not even sure if the devs pay attention to it anymore.
Extremely useful, and actually very easy with practice. For help, check out Shaun Spalding on Youtube! A quick side note: Learn the Game Maker programming language. It opens up much more doors into opportunity thank just drag and drop.
Really good for what it is.
