Buy itF***in BUY ITNAOIf you dont, your missing out
Named my ship -Children-'s Hospital- and made people feel bad for shooting down my ship.10/10 ~IGN
The Series is very oldYet it does things right in a FPSSuck Quake's balls, COD.
I would really LOVE to play this game. The character customizeation proves to help you make a unique character and vehicle.But there some downsides in which i should mention...1. No sign of australian servers. Im from Sydney, so that means playing on a US server is like playing with alot of viruses in your pc. and i mean ALOT.2. AIs. Yes, the AIs are ♥♥♥♥, like. Very Very ♥♥♥♥. But really, the fun youll be getting out of this is the players. Which is another problem.3. Players. There really isn't alot of people on the servers, Exept for like, one US server. The rest of the servers are ♥♥♥♥ing empty nearly, i saw a server with 4 people on. Get this is mind, one server PER country, no, one server IN US AND BRAZIL.4. P2W. Or Pay to Win. Lets get this straight. I, ♥♥♥♥ing, Hate, pay to win games. Sure, it can be fun to play f2p games, but when it comes to that point when you keep getting killed by the same noob who bought a shotgun for 10 dollars. Its just not fair. I have no problem with pay to win games like planetside 2, because the stock weapons are newbie-friendly. But the stock weapons on APB reloaded is just, No...5. Car mechanics. Oh god where do i begin? You know those frustrating Ice physics you see in games? Its sort of like that. but this time, you driving a car on an ice-skating rink painted black and white with a bit of yellow. Its that bad, like REALLY bad. IDk if its just ther server problems i mentioned earlier or just a bug the developers cant be ♥♥♥♥ed fixing.Overall, these are just badsides, the customizeations is something deffinately worth playing this game for.i'd say 5/10. If you have spare time, give this game a ride.
I never really heard of it and boy i should have.my friends reccomended it when we were looking for a co-operative shooter to play.My god, i love this game.Heres the scenario: You've been stranded on a zombie-infested island and your goal is to survive, pretty simple at first until you relize everything is very limited. Your first gun might have 2 bullets in the clip. This makes finding melee weapons like axes or sledgehammers very lucky. The community varies, once your with a group of friendly people and the next thing your surrounded by bandits and taken hostage.This game looked really simple on the outside but when you play a rough hour of it you will start to notice how immersive the game can feel.There will also be scenarios where you have to make a hard decision. The game does not script that, this will happen in any way possible, will you go to the town and look for supplies? will you abbandonn your friend to the zombies and make an escape? will you eat the moldy corn and risk infection?The choice is yours and it can and will impact on what happens after.However, the game does have some downsides, which might not be a big problemThe shadows and details can sometimes screw my pc around, esspecialy if you have skype on.Sometimes the game can break by not spawning items properly, like once the only things i could find in a town is moldy corn and clips. I restarted the game and everything was fine, there were clothes, notes, bows, and everything else you might find in a post-apocalyptic town.The respawn time does not exsist in this game, once you die you can quickly sprint back into the game and hope for something different to happen.Out of all games i had not found such a zombie survival like this one aside from DayZ of course9.5/10
