I have never really played 2D games before and now I ask myself, WHY? Despite this game being only $10 it somehow feels worth a hell of a lot more. Will run on any PC, very aesthetic art direction, fantastic soundtrack, not easy but not terribly hard either (perfect balance if you ask me). Playing this annoys the ♥♥♥♥ out of me but I can't stop playing it. This game is a must  and proves that you don't need a massive developer with unlimited amounts of money to make a fantastic game!
To start off this is not a PC game(I mean it runs much better on consoles). It is Buggy, got compressed audio in places etc. However I will give this game a 10/10 due to the f**king things you can do in it. If you enjoy gta you will like this. It is pretty much a way less serious, f**k this arcade style free roam game. It is only $10. You will have so much fun with it so go for it!
99% of 39,676 reveiws are positive so yeah, just get the game..Seriously though this game is just amazing. Original, fun etc.. Things in this game are so unique compared to others such as the physics. I mean they way they bahave is so bizzare and weird that it trips you out. And best of all this game makes you think which 0.0005% of games these days do.
This has on average like 20,000 people playing and has one too many awards to count. Why the f*ck are you even reading this bro?
Please buy this game and keep the community alive! I don't want this reveiw to be all this is better than bf4 but I will only say that to the slightest. This campaign is just awesome. The players (Haggard, Sweetwater, The sarge and even yourself (Preston Marlowe)) had an attitude to them, they were in warzones but allways had a less serious feel to them (especially haggards random dialouge!).The multiplayer is just great. Use vehicles to charge the objectives and get people to repair that tank, charge into the warzone and get a medic to heal you and an assault to give you ammo! And please don't use the recon class, it is useless and helps nobody.Allthough to dum it up: GET THIS GAME. It has battlefield 3/4s awesome action but with a more balanced, no over the top perks feel to it.
Crazy, stupid and childish gameplay.This is why I love Saints Row The Third. It is so laid back and not serious. I mean you can throw a jar of farts at people and then slam them to the ground, also definite Bang for your buck at $15.00 (I don't like DLC in general so i got the standard version). Realease your inner childishness and immaturity and buy it!
This game is just fantastic. I don't know what it is about this game and it's ability to keep me playing for hours on end. Fantastic storyline, a nice map variety(Las vegas type area, mountains, city, suburban). Trust me, this game will have you playing for hours on end either by: Doing missions, doing random stuff, playing multiplayer (search for the mods) etc. And the graphics are also very nice with mods to them (textures, enb etc.). Way better than GTA IV for the fun factor I must say.
Great game but has many issues due to the poor console port by Rockstar. I feel this could run better if it was developed properly and not rushed/ported.Edit: You could end up like me having 200 hours on this game because it is sooooo fun.Recommended mods: Simple native trainer 6.4, HD texture packs, enb mods, various .asi mods such as prone, gunequip etc. Just so much fun with friends or randoms :D
Played it when it was free for the weekend. Alright. Worth $20 atm. Great game (Gta rip off with more f***ed up ♥♥♥♥).
Fantastic game. A longer story line than AC, involving, corruption, betrayl. A much bigger city. Only $11.95, definetly worth it!
