Do you like medieval games?Yes=Get this game!No= Do you like the Napoleonic Era? Yes=Get the Napoleonic Wars DLC!No=Do you like Lord of The Rings?Yes=You can get a LoTR mod!No=Do you like MODs in general?Yes=Get this game!No=Do you like medieval games?Edit: Either way this game will get you to buy it one way or another, even if you don't want it.
DotA 2; What is there you didn't want in a game?This game; Yes can be frustrating and unforgiving and yes can be hard to get used to, BUT that is the fun in which this game provides you with.You may struggle to survive in the jungle against a five man gank and continuously get slaughtered but as a team and with strategies, you and your team can survive to become the victors at the end of the game.When I first started playing this game I had a hard time getting used to MOBA's and never had seen them before which in turn made it so much more difficult for me to understand what was going on but with the support of my mates I learnt and gradually got better.I would strongly reccommed new players to play a few hours of Bot games first because going online with no experience (like I did) doesn't benifit your team, yes you may win but was it worth all the jeering and crude comments from both your own team for feeding and the opposition for being quite horrible at the game?But MOST importantly you MUST have Fun. Playing a game without having fun makes there no reason to play it.
Look. I-'m not going to say that this is the best Naval Warfare game out there. Nor am I going to say it-'s better than World of Warships, because I-'ve never played it. But what I can tell you for certain is, that like all Free-To-Play games, there will be grinding, anger, censoring, tears, happiness and satisfaction.  As a new player, you-'ll launch the game for the first time, login and then sit on the port screen. You-'ve got the 4 factions most games based on WW2 have; Britain, Germany, Japan and America. Along with two more possibly to be factions- France and China.You-'ll go into your first game as a tier one, do a few matches and get to tier two. This is where things start to define who you are and what you want to be in this game. For Japan and America you can choose to go down all lines - Cruiser, Battleship, Aircraft Carrier, Submarine or Destroyer. For UK - Destoryer, Battleship and Aircraft carrier.For Germany - Crusier, Submarine and Battleship.Choosing what to do here will determine what you do for quite some time or to the tier you want to get to. Playing this with friends is definelty a must have, however -thanks- to the devs, the party size is now a maximum of 3 - used to be 5. But you can still have more than enough fun with 2 of your mates. As there is with all F2P games, there is a premium currency. Gold. Gold can be gained several ways, ranging from winning 5v5 battles and being on the leaderboard to buying it. So it isn-'t just money used to get it. Along with that, the game gives users V.I.P battles, which gains bonus XP (Both Global and ship based) and Silver (Ingame currency).Each faction has their own strengths and weaknesses. Germans have good accuracy while dealing lower damage. Japan are the tanks of the ocean while America is the all-rounder. Britain has the best sonar and great AA defence.After a while, you-'ll notice that the game isn-'t perfect however. There are bugs here and there. Matchmaking issues in higher tiers where few dare to venture. Then you have the censorship which censors words like system. Although some sound game breaking, they really aren-'t. When players get to higher tiers, there goes the problem of bad balance in late tier games. Every game has their problems and none are perfect. And this game isn-'t an exception.A very good sign of a game like this is, although 1 year old in the Chinese market, the developers are active and from what has been said in many of the disucssion threads has been carefully and sufficiently thought out and replied to via their community officials. The game itself rewards players who are loyal -with regular login rewards- and those who play a battle correctly. It punishes those who make the wrong decision, however there are tutorials to start new players off.Finally the graphics of the game; they-'re not what you-'d call amazing but they run well and the gameplay is more than worth having a slightly less -'pretty-' game.TL:DR;WW2 factions, which are good at things and have boats. Team up with 3 people and wreck stuff! F2P game, so expect there to be premium vehicles such as the Tirpitz (Worth around $70). Game isn-'t perfect but hey, who/what is? Has active devs who care about the game but don-'t know how to promote the product so low playerbase... Rewarding game for players and harsh for stupidity. Ok graphics. Not the best but it runs.
The only game where Russians play on their own servers.
All I can say is hats, hats and more hats.
Empire Total War... Where to begin. This game is one of my favourite from the Total War franchise due to being set in the 1800's which is really awesome as it allows you to play around and change the fate of the world. The stock game comes with a large amount of content which allows for quite an emersive experience from charging cavalry into the rear of a battalion of line infantry to firing a full broadside from the HMS Victory into a pirate vessel. This Real Time Strategy allows for so much and has the potential to look so beautiful on high graphics, it makes you feel like you are acctually in the game (well not really, but it still feels really good). Along with the DLC packages you get even more to think about like how much you want to spend to create one of the many special units or how to make a strategic army of native Americans. The AI is quite smart, it will try to flank you and will fall back and stay there (depending on the difficulty)if you have a really powerful large force but this game is best to play with friends against other people. The multiplayer (aswell as the singleplayer) has a large amount of maps and settings for weather and times (both period and day), and allows for up to 4v4 which can lead up to really epic battles on large preportions.This game is very good, some would say otherwise but in my opinion it is great and hope it is for you too.
