I have been waiting for this game to come out ever since the release of their original demo. I must have played those few levels over and over for probably a total of hours so you can imagine my excitement when they got greenlit and set up a Kickstarter. I followed them through all that time until finally it came to their point of release. The GameSuperhot is a game about using time to your advantage. The more you move the faster time moves. If you're standing still it is to the point of almost being stopped. You can watch the bullets slowly fly past you (Or into you). If you're shooting or moving around quickly it speeds up to around real time depending on how you're moving. This allows you to get out of situations with multiple enemies that may seem impossible considering you have no health and die in one hit. It also allows for amazing looking replays when sped up to real time.The VisualsThe game has a scheme of three colours, red for the enemies, black for weapons and white for the environment. However it couldn't work better with the game. It makes it easy to pick out enemies and weapons around the area whilst still being able to create an environment. The enemies are made of glass which provides a satisfying shatter sound and visual upon killing them. There is no blood or gore just broken glass. The weapons also shatter upon impact should you throw them at a wall or enemy. The whole thing creates a style that seems crystalline and pristine whilst also creating an air of fragility.The CampaignThe campaign is short, only around 2-3 hours long, but it couldn't have been made better. Each level is a different environment with a different setup of enemies. Some of the levels put you in immediate danger, forcing you to figure out tactics through trial and error but an instant restart system negates any annoyance that may cause. The whole campaign is underlined by a story which breeds intrigue as well as adds an unsettling feeling to it all.SummarySuperhot is exactly the game I hoped for ever since playing the demo. The mechanics are smooth and the whole thing is visually appealing. The levels are inventive and the story solid and well done despite almost not being essential. However the $24.99 USD price tag ($35.07 AUD) for a 2-3 hour long campaign may seem a bit much. I would recommend waiting for a sale that's somewhere around 50% off and picking it up then. There are challenge and endless modes which are exactly what they sound like but they still don't really provide enough for what they're asking. Despite the cost I enjoyed playing this game immensely and would highly recommend it to anyone who wishes they could take their time with first person shooters. TL;DRPros Innovative time mechanics Simple yet perfect visuals Interesting and unsettling story Smooth and responsive controls Endless and challenge modesCons Campaign only 2-3 hours $24.99 USD price tag for that time
