The game is a Real Time Strategy, with the most notable feature being that instead of training individual dudes, you train whole squads of dudes at a time. So instead of -oh no, those thirty guys look really tough- you get -oh no, those ten squads are terrifying.-The other thing making it different is the lack of resources. You only have one resource: population. To be trained, the village you are trying to train them from needs to have enough citizens in it to become your new unit. They repopulate overtime. So capturing villages is essential so you can have more guys, but there are times where you may instead want to burn down an enemy village to completely remove it from the game as opposed to capturing it.The main problem, and we are still playing to figure this out, but the Romans appear to just suck. The Barbarian equivalents of their units are just that much better. We haven-'t tried Egyptians, maybe the Barbarian vs Egyptian match up is balanced, but as it stands the Romans are most likely bottom tier. They are the only three races, and all of them have the same equivalent units, except for their three super units which you can only train if you-'ve gotten enough -honour points- - which you get by killing dudes.Getting multiplayer to work required us to go through Gameranger instead (hence the low playtime), but we did get it to work and it is very worth it. Especially at the moment at only 49 cents.
No subtlety at all.Doesn-'t even pretend to be subtle.The narrator spends the game stating the obvious and just broke any sense of immersion and he may as well have been a friend telling me about that guy he knows. He needed to do more helping you through the game, less explaining the obvious interpretation. Especially given the ending. It would-'ve been more impacting if you had made the same assumptions that the narrator had made independently of him telling them to you. Because then you could-'ve felt like you were in the narrator-'s shoes.I saw the trailer and thought -oh, so I get to do some discovery about who this guy is. Sweet.-I got -Oh, so I get to listen to someone telling me who this guy is for 90 minutes.-
I tried to enjoy this game, I really did.But when Rose started explaining some expositional crap about how certain cognition powers worked in episode one (it just dragged on and I simply didn't care), it was unskippable, and I just brought up Facebook in the Steam overlay and missed nothing at all when it finished.It's just not immersive, and the puzzles were more annoying than interesting. I did like the art style, and the demo I thought was quite good which was why I ended up buying it, but the full version just felt like it dragged on so much. I used the message Dad thing a lot more toward the end because I just wanted the episode to end and couldn't be bothered looking for the solutions myself. Also, how many times do you have to show the same vision of her dying? Like, we get it, you saw yourself die. Stop seeing it repeatedly and acting surprised each time it happens. Should clarify I gave up partway through episode 2.
So I was reading reviews and people (in 2015) were claiming there were game breaking bugs and they couldn't finish individual levels. I have played every level twice and am at about 90% completion so I don't quite see what was unfinishable about the first level.I feel this game is part of the Golden Era in the LEGO games alongside Star Wars Complete Saga and Batman 1. After Star Wars I where they've refined everything and figured out what works, but before they started expanding with overworlds that are part of the story or the horror of voice acting. The charm comes from them telling the story you already know through slapstick mime. I know Batman was an original story but I won't go into that because this is about Indy not Batman.Gameplay wise: It's incredibly simple.If you can push things into a position, push them into place then proceed.If you need a certain type of character to proceed, tag them then proceed.If you don't have that character on you, then you either need to steal a hat or it's something intended for Free Play mode.If you need a certain item to proceed, obtain it and then proceed.If you cannot find the item you need, you are either trying to go into an area intended for Free Play mode, or you haven't smashed enough things that the item may be hiding behind/inside.I know it's simple, but it's fun. Except the Bridge Battle on Temple of Doom. That is the only problem I have with this game.I will admit there were two bugs I encountered - but both were easily overcome. One was the intended solution for posting one of the parcels doesn't seem possible. But there's another solution that really wasn't hard to think up myself, and given it's a puzzle game I don't mind them forcing people to actually think about their solution, deliberately or not.The other is on one level, it mistakes having thrown a sword at a green piece where you're meant to attach something for the actual something, and so it won't let you attach it but it also won't respond as though you have attached it. So just be careful when throwing swords in Last Crusade.
Just don't play Europe or Switzerland, they add an unnecessary chance element to an otherwise quite skillful game. Sure, there were already some luck elements, but Europe and Switzerland overdid it.Asia doesn't have that problem though. Nor does the original game. They're both quite fun, but you really need at least four people.Also, probably best to get it on special. It is quite costly for something I would rather own a physical copy of.
There are two things I do not understand:Why people say that keyboard controls suck when they're changeable.ANDWhy people think that you need the mouse on this game.The game only uses six buttons other than for movement. Two of these are only useful in Free Play and are never needed urgently.One hand can cover movement and two buttons. That leaves two fingers on your other hand that have to be somewhere on the keyboard. The other two that you never need quickly could be put right near them so you can use a third finger and then MOVE one of the others to press the other button should you need it. Or use all four fingers, whichever is easier.Seriously though, it's a game with incredibly simple controls and so very straightforward, you don't need a mouse or controller to play this game and enjoy it. It sits alongside LEGO Indy 1 and LEGO Batman as the Golden Trio of LEGO games before they started adding the horror that is voice acting in a series that prided itself on mimed slapstick retellings of famous stories. (Or mimed slapstick tellings of original stories starring Batman).
Nothing really beats backflipping away from a tiger while shooting it to bits. Controls took a while to get used to, but once that hurdle-'s gotten over it-'s a lot of fun. Got a bit confused because I didn-'t make the connection of -Lara-'s House- to -Tutorial-, but curiousity helped me get there anyway.I didn-'t know anything about this game before buying it other than there was a woman named Lara Croft who raided tombs.
Puzzles are fun, well thought out. I enjoy playing it. But I have to not recommend it for the following:It's far too short. I got it on special for $0.49, and I think that was worth it given how little there was to it, but I'm not sure I'd spend $2 on a game that first time can be beaten in under half an hour. I'm aiming for 100% completion entirely to get my money's worth. I really do want to see more levels using the same mechanics. Unfortunately its length is making me not recommend it, but if you are the sort of person who has $2 that they really don't need, then I guess it's worth putting here.
