Ride to Hell... Ride to Hell... Firstly, putting it out there, the game's premise is half-decent - the graphics are, again, half-decent, but everything else is just such a let down. Having said that, I don't know why, but I felt compelled to finish this. So I did. Hell, I even bought the DLC...The controls are terrible - both K&M and Controller. The mouse jutters all over the gaf, analog sticks are just as jittery with some crazy acceleration behind them - then you combine driving and shooting (particularly the sidecar sections)... Hoo boy, that's, certainly something. Would I say it's the worst game I've ever played though? Nope. Dunno why, maybe it's stockholm syndrome, but it's certainly not good.
Deadly Premonition is a game unlike any other that has came out in recent years. The way in which the story grips you, the way you relate to the protagonist, the way the small town the game is set in is always alive, the... Well, just everything about this game sets it apart from the rest of the market today. The story of Deadly Premonition centres around FBI agent Francis York Morgan who is sent to the small rural town of Greenvale to investigate the tragic and mysterious death of a young girl, Anna Graham. Upon nearing Greenvale, however, he is swerved off the road and comes to in a strange place known as the “other world”. Whilst attempting to make his way out of here, York catches a glimpse of an enigmatic axe-wielding man. Eventually you escape and make your way back towards the town, it is here that the first of the colourful cast are introduced. The sherriff of Greenvale, George Woodman, and his deputy, Emily Wyatt, greet York just outside of town and provide an escort to the hotel, where work on solving this case can finally begin.It is here where the character of Zach is firmly introduced into the game, and the way in which it is done, will grip you for the entirety of the games 26 chapters. The player takes on the eponym of Zach throughout the game and is consistently addressed by York when left alone. When driving, or wandering through town, York gleefully strikes up a discussion about one of many different topics. From childhood memories and music to sharing his encyclopeadic knowledge of the film industry, there is no shortage of dialog in these moments of solitude. As mentioned earlier, however, there is quite a large and colourful cast of characters within Greenvale, each with their own story to tell and each possibly implicated in the murder of Anna Graham. From the effiminate policeman, Thomas MacLain; the potato-chip enthusiast and local doctor, Ushah Johnson or; the travelling sapling salesman, Forrest Kaysen. Each and every resident of Greenvale is memorable for their own reason, and further pulls you into the game and into the role of York. Encounters with these residents are not isolated incidents, as the world of Deadly Premonition is constantly alive. Each person lives out their lives with their own daily routine, oftentimes they can be seen passing you on the streets or hanging out at the local bar, the SWERY '65 (a nod to the developer of the game Hidetaka Suehiro, SWERY for short). As such, every moment in Greenvale feels unique, a feeling that hasn't been represented in gaming since Yu Suzuki's Shenmue for the SEGA Dreamcast in 1992. Most of the residents have their own sidequests attached to them, and the rewards for these greatly assist in completing the game, with new weapons and discount cards being just an example. These sidequests can be creative as well, from assisting Emily in bettering her abilities as a chef; helping Anna's mother deal with her loss or reorganising the store room of the convenience store. Everywhere you go, there will always be something to do or something to see, and there is almost always a benefit to exploring Greenvale. Unfortunately, this is where some of the problems of Deadly Premonition rear their head. The map provided to you can be difficult to use as it faces in the direction that York is facing when you open it. This means that if you were to check the map to see where you are going, then check again to see if you were still on the right track, the map can look completely different. The map can't be rotated once it's open and also can't be zoomed out to a comfortable level, always feeling a little too zoomed in, forcing you to learn the town's layout rather than rely too heavily on the in-game map. The layout of Greenvale isn't the only that you need to keep in the back of your mind, however. Firstly, there is a stamina meter in the game, meaning that running for too long or attacking too many times in succession can cause York to stumble around blindly for a moment whilst he catches his breath. Hunger and tiredness also play a role in the game and can be checked at any point by accessing the pause menu. Food is littered throughout town and the various “other world” levels that you venture through, and therefore isn't much of a problem. Even if you are out of food for whatever reason, there are many places in Greenvale where you can get a meal at a price. As for tiredness, this is replenished through either sleeping at various beds scattered through Greenvale, or by consuming coffee. Lastly, the game has a 24 hour timing system where certain places and events become inaccessible late in the day. You can sleep to fast forward up to 12 hours at a time, however sleeping for too long will cause you to gain hunger and also cause your clothes to need washing (yes, you read that right). The little things that you have the ability to do in the game is a small but interesting detail. Clothes can be washed, your beard can be shaved and we haven't even gotten to the driving yet. Deadly Premonition is a free roam game, but not in the same vein as, say, Saints Row. You have the ability to explore Greenvale freely and it is encouraged to do so, as such York is provided a Master Key to all the police cars in town soon after arriving (though several more cars can be unlocked later into the game). If driving at night, you can use your headlight; rain, use the wipers; need to turn, then indicate. All of these little nuances, on top of everything else mentioned earlier, cements you into the game and makes you feel as though you are York, as though you are the protagonist. A feat which is not easily achieved and one that SWERY should be commended for accomplishing.Though not all is well in Greenvale, and it is still your job to uncover what is going on. Upon progressing through the game, you learn the folklore of the Raincoat Killer. A mysterious figure who, in the 1950's, went on a murderous rampage through Greenvale; a legend that instills fear into even the youngest of its residents, resulting in a town that stands still when it rains. These are the times when York often ends up in the “other world”. These sections are filled with enemies and puzzles that must be overcome before you can return to the normal Greenvale. Hidden within these words are often vital clues to uncovering Anna's tragic death. Often the word “PROFILING” fills the screens whilst York nonchalantly lights a cigarette. This is followed by many  static images that flash before your eyes as you try and piece together what is happening in this small town. As you progress through the “other world”, these images will slowly clear up, allowing York to slowly piece together the events that occurred. Progression through these sections is slowed by a number of zombie-esque enemies known as “Shadows”. These enemies move slowly and are unarmed at first, but soon they will be wielding pitchforks and eventually shotguns. Though they aren't difficult to kill, they often respawn and, as a result, become more of a threat as a mob, rather than when taken individually. To bring them down, York can arm himself with a variety of weapons, including shovels, axes, shotguns and rifles. The combat takes the over-the-shoulder format that was popularised by Resident Evil 4, meaning that you are frozen in place whilst ever you are lining up a shot. This serves to intensify the action sequences, limiting the shots to only those that are essential so as to keep moving and outrun the shadows hunting you down.To further hinder progress, several puzzles lye in the way to solving this case. Though, unfortunately, these are never too tricky, as they are mostly explained upfront and serve more as a motivation to explore these levels rather than to test your ability.Continued...
What a fantastic game. That's all there is to it. Rogue Legacy is a great way of easing players into the difficult retro-sidescroller-ish genre that has been popping up a lot in the indie scene. Sure, you'll die a lot. But you learn more on each death. Unlock other difficult games of recent years (Super Meat Boy, Dark Souls etc) this game forces you to adapt rather than memorise your strategies. Levels will change repeatedly, enemy layouts will change, the way they scale will change - you have to roll with the punches (heh, thanks YNAB). It took me ~15hrs to see it through on my first playthrough, and what a fun and challenging 15 hours it was. So much praise Cellar Door Games and what they've done here.
It's stupid, and it's exactly what I expected. Causing mayhem has never been so entertaining and pointless. GO(A)TY!
I hate this game. It's addictive and it eats your life. I've completed it, after 14 torturous hours, and I would not wish that experience on anyone. 10/10
This game is nothing short of amazing. Definitely a game that pretty much requires a controller though, keyboard controls aren't the greatest. Would definitely recommend this, and especially as it's on sale today (2013-12-19) there's no reason not to pick this up. Hell, I bought it twice.
