One side of my fully laden truck is bogged down badly after trying to take a shortcut [no such thing in spintires], and the truck starts to lean. Tetering on the brink, neither way I steer the wheels has any positive effect, and both forwards and backwards torque sink the lower wheels deeper and edge the truck further towards tipping point. There are no practical winch points anywhere. At last, some forward forward momentum. I might make it out of this after all, and deliver this last load to the lumber yard. The truck falls over, and the engine stalls, but All is not lost - The logs are still in the cart. I try restarting the engine. It stalls again.I walk back to the garage and get in my truck with a crane attatchment. If I can get the crane truck close enough, a combination of winch and crane might just do the trick. I traverse the boggy and hazardous road between the garage and the tipped log truck as night begins to fall. Upon reaching it, I realise that I'm going to have to get the crane truck into a narrow gap between the log truck and the edge of the nearby forest. And to get there I'm going to have to get through the same bog that I got the first truck stuck in, and move the truck most of the way into the forest. Here goes.10 minutes later, The rescue mission is a failure. The rescue truck was able to get into position into the forest after many turns and wheel revolutions, but now is stuck between two trees with no hope of getting out. The load of logs was spilt after the first attempt to winch the truck back to vertical failed, and now it's out of range of the rescue truck's winch and crane.I walk back to the garage, where my emergency fuel tanker lies waiting, and get the mechanics there to remove the fuel tank and install another crane. While they do this, I have a cup of tea and a vodka or two, while deliberating what to do with the stuck vehicles. Remembering that one of the local towing companies owns an eight wheeler missile truck that they picked up for cheap from a corrupt government official, I decide to just pick up the logs and carry them to the destination, leaving the two trucks stuck in the meantime. The money I get from this job will be able to pay for the towing and repairs for the other two trucks. I go back over to the mechanics and get them to put a log trailer on as well.I arrive at the aparrent scrapyard and assess the situation. It's not as bad as it seems as the logs have fallen and rolled near some fairly stable piece of ground. The loading process goes without a hitch and I set off towards the lumber yard. Everything goes smoothly right until the entrance to the lumber yard. Here, the road is narrow, and I find the exact same thing that happened to the first truck happening again. No problems, I've been through this before, I know how to fix it. Winch onto the nearest tree, and use the extra pulling force to get at least my front wheel out. The truck starts to tip. I detach the winch. I try driving forward. Truck starts tipping further. Into reverse. Ah, some movement, but due to the direction I have to steer in, the trailer starts to jacknife horribly. Still, I push it as far as I can, and realign my front wheels after surveying the ground again. There's a way to the left, but it's between two trees that are in close proximity. The trees do damage to my trailer, but no considerably, and in return they stop my trailer from tipping again. I get through, park in the lumber yard, unload the lumber, then take another swig of vodka. Time to find the number of that towing guy.$30 is cheap.
