I imagine it would be an amazing game, you know, if it worked at all on Windows 8.I purchased GTA IV and EFLC in a pack. GTA IV works fine (after a bit of tweaking), EFLC simply does not want to work, I suggest you wait for this game to fall in price (sales) before buying it just in case.
I do recommend this game. Only just, however.There's a lot of work to do, as there are plenty of gameplay-breaking glitches which are frequent. But, the authors are clearly passionate about the development and I'm excited as to the future of this game.What I LOVE about The Forest:Although zombie games are common nowadays, this one takes the cake. The gameplay is fluid and scary. You'll be kept on your toes the whole time you play. What will happen next? Will the natives manage to track you wherever you go or will you fight them off? The best thing about this game is the AI. I can tell that the developers put most of their effort into it, and that's a good thing. Comparing this game's AI to DayZ is like comparing two different worlds. The mutants carefully creep around you, trying to catch you off guard or maybe they will see you at a distance and hide in the bushes. The world is truly alive. The seemingly luscious environment during the day becomes a nightmare of constant patrols and attacks at night, this is the most beautiful element of the game - the oncoming darkness is truly something to be feared. The way you construct buildings is innovative and original. I've never seen it done in another game before - the realism is astounding.What I didn't like about The Forest:The glitches. That's all. I do understand this is an early access game, but there are certain glitches which are acceptable and those that are not. To make matters worse, the developers have decided to update the game on a predefined interval that leaves a lot of time in the middle. In the future, I would think they will need to have a regular update for game-breaking bugs and the like but as well as this maintain the longer update time for the bigger and better updates.
It's good. Great game. The cheaters are a bit of a problem, and quite frankly I'll take a break until great measures are taken in catching them.
