I knew I shouldn't've, but gave this game the benefit of the doubt because Theme Hospital was one of my favourite games of all time and thought this could do alright. It's basically a mobile game adapted to PC - definitely not worth the $3, which sounds a bit harsh, but... there's just no gameplay. Sure, there's a tiny bit of management re: building rooms and elevating mood, but with all the clicking patients to make them happy, etc. it screams mobile. The music is repetitive, the levels are fairly boring. You can't draw your own room boundaries, it's nowhere near complex and yeah. Just not for me.If you like not being challenged, buy it. If you're looking for something like Theme Hospital, turn around and keep walkin'.
Pivvot makes me cry the kind of tears only Super Hexagon can pull out of me. The concept seems simple enough until you get to the looper mode, then you repeat it until you realise that you're crouching in your computer chair, slowly rocking yourself into a fetal position.11/10, would recommend. Catchy music, addictive gameplay.
got to throw adorable little cubes cruelly into a cold abyss = cube/10Split is a charmingly beautiful little game that's perfect for people who love no-stress puzzles. The art direction is top notch and the soundtrack that accompanies Split is stunningly whimsical. I'm pretty terrible at puzzle games myself so it's going to take me a while to 100% the levels, but the challenge curve is such that I'm willing to keep going even if it's not usually my type of game.
I've been a long-time DOOM fan and am really enjoying this release. Wasn't a fan of DOOM 3, but this version takes a lot of calls from DOOM 1 & 2 - it's more fast paced, sillier, and the multiplayer is actually extremely fun. The lack of variety in enemies is kinda eh, but otherwise this has been a really good purchase.Pros:- it 'feels' like a member of the franchise, if that makes sense - more than the third game did- the flow of play is really good - you can clamber around, climb most scenery, combat is fluid and super fast like the old games- multiplayer is fun & has a lot of customisation options- the map editor (snapmap) is REALLY awesome and employs a super cool visual scripting function- A+ multiplayer taunts- throwbacks to the other games in the franchise- really good sound design (apart from the repetitive moaning of enemies if you're above them)Cons:- the campaign can get a little repetitive, chalking this down to lack of variety of enemies and sometimes glory kill can be OP- a bit slow to load, but it is a new release- exiting the game to switch modes is kinda tiresome b/c of aforementioned loading times- no matchmaking in multiplayer really
11/10, slaughtered by a mushroom.One of the best indie games I've played in 2014. The music is absolutely addictive, the game (although IMO it has a really high difficulty curve) is fun and head-boppingly good, and the patches for Early Access are released fairly frequently. If you're into rhythm games, I'd definitely recommend.
Crashes. Crashed for me on pulling a lever to get to the Mechanical Age and lost all progress.
Working fine for me on an i7 with a GTX960. One thing I would change is having hardware detection, as a lot of settings in the graphics menu make the load unnecessarily heavy - did have to turn off vsync, turn down shadows/generation etc. a bit and turn up max FPS which was locked at 30. After that, runs fine in general. Does chug on a few planets that have very detailed fauna... but other than that, I'm having a great time with the game.A chill space exploration game was what I wanted out of NMS and that's what I got. As for their teething issues, they're a small team handling what's essentially a AAA launch, and the fact they've already patched the PC build is a testament to Hello trying to make it work/fix it for everyone.I get to warp around solar systems, discover gelatinous blobby eyed creatures and shoot pirates with lasers. I mean... there's not much more I could want from what NMS stated it'd do. Is it a perfect game? Nope. Are any games perfect? Nope. Recommended from my side, anyway.
a strange mix of oddly relaxing and extremely stressful at the same time. addictive, effective wee puzzle game!
Like a Cards Against Humanity game with more mileage because the answers always change. This game is pure gold with friends & some drinks. :)
