This game is my childhood. I played this game even before the release on Steam, along with my older brother. I was in 2nd grade back then, and Granado Espada was probably my first ever MMORPG. I remember I used to have many discs of this game that my brother brought home one day and each disc had a certain amount of play time on it before it expires where thereafter you can't play the game until you use a new disc. I did come back to this game also back in 2013 (where you could actually play for free) in a different server and account, but soon quitted after the game tired out its value. My current account is also different from my past 2 as they belong in different servers. Anyways as you can already tell from my recommendation, I don't support it anymore.I won't be listing down the strengths of this game as it is rather subjective to one's beliefs so I will be only saying the main issue the game is in its current state (I would cover this whole review more objectively by also mentioning what it did well in, but I would exceed character limit sadly). Two words: Obvious pay2win. Some things I'd like to mention is that I absolutely abhor pay2win games. They for one, aren't fair to poorer people, ruins the fun of leveling the game, destroys the game's value. I really tried to go into Granado with an open mind, but no matter how much I tried to change my view, the game's mechanics spoke for itself. My highest characters in the game are currently Master lvl 1, they being Emilia, Bernelli and Lisa, semi decent characters that were very op in the beginning. However overtime I noticed they were getting weaker and weaker. They needed better gears (I had crescementos for them), but these gears (which for your information is not 1 or 2 for each character) are really expensive! I realised that in my past 30 days+ of playing this game, more often than not I had to actually spent time grinding for Vis (Granado's currency), and I am not talking about idle farming (which I do everyday for 6 hours thereabout) because I have to specially dedicate my Fridays to afk farm from the afternoon till the next morning just to earn Vis. This is the funny part though, it barely earns much! The most I could get everyday was a few millions. One decent gear cost at least 250 mil (and on top of that, to make it even better it would cost at least another 100+ mil)! And that is only for one gear, for one character. There are over 80+ (or so they say on their outdated website) characters playable! Like damn this game also actually encourages this (as seen in the pets picking up for you items) and expects you to? I am appalled at the game in its current state because this is my first time taking the time to understand the sophisticated mechanics of this game. Oh right, and how does this lead to pay2win? Growth Stones.Growth Stone is like the mediator between Vis and Feso (Granado's cash). For every 5 USD spent on this game, you can get 6 Growth Stones which are worth at least 4 mil each (exclusive of market tax and after market tax). And this part is clearly evident to see how much the developers are fat greedy people. It is a scam, yet a boost still regardless. If we do the calculations to achieve 250mil from selling Growth Stones alone, you would require at least 55 USD to buy one decent gear. And there we have it, grind or pay. Either way you still lose out because you would be wasting electricity leaving your computer on if you're planning on grinding.So my conclusion. Is this game fun? Yes, in the short run. Is it worth investing time on? No, if you plan to play it regularly. Should I try it out? Yes, don't base your judgement off of mine only, decide for yourself if you like it.
So I wrote this a while back and I realised that I actually passed my word limit count. Visit this pastebin to read the full length:  http://pastebin.com/aJzySp2uif you don-'t trust the link I wouldn-'t blame you, but I-'m pretty sure everyone knows what a pastebin is.However, I-'ll add edits here accordingly.Edits:17/12/14: Oh a new update. Let-'s see. Oh two extra paid dlcs sperately. Clover Character Pack and   The Diamond Heist. Ok I understand that they are two seperate things but it doesn-'t explain the prices. Moving on, so you lock essential contents once again? -Burglar perk deck-, just because it relates to the new heister Clover doesn-'t mean it should be part of the DLC. On the other side, new feature of multiple skill build tree feature. Wait, wasn-'t that in hoxhud? So now you-'re just implementing things from hoxhud and count them as free content? Well, it still doesn-'t change the fact that hoxhud still has other features that I want.23/1/15: LOL ♥♥♥♥ new heist, more money. $7.50 SGD? No thank you, I don-'t wish to throw you money for free updates. After all, these updates takes months and even after that you still have to pay for them. I-'d rather wait long time for a free heist and weapons or a heist that is half ♥♥♥♥♥ and can be improved on overtime rather than pay for it after such a long time and with no in between updates at all. And oh gawd seriously another character pack that cost $5.50 SGD? Personally I have no hate against having more characters in the game but at least make them free for everyone. Why would you even charge for it? Sometimes I really wonder whether you are genuinely doing this for the community or just for the money itself. Seriously pathetic.
From my many hours of playing this game, I can officially say I like it. It-'s great. At first glance, it looks like a child-'s game that is unappreciated in a shooter game but as you play it, it isn-'t as childish as you thought it was. The graphics aren-'t important but the gameplay is. You are not prompted by others to play well (unless you are in a competitive server) as this game itself is made to give players freedom. It is more of just playing casually and having fun basically. The game as well does not necessarily require to spend money but  if you-'d like more inventory slots I think it-'s about time to went premium (just buy the cheapest thing in the mann co store you could find) or waiting till christmas where they annually give out free backpack expander. And the best part is, once you have become Premium or P2P as they call it, you can earn back your supposed -lose-. This game participates in trading and allows the user to do market transactions. It-'s great really. It could be a game that you-'d genuinely like to just play or a game that could give you profits.
