I don-'t really care enough to write reviews, but this game I found genuinely dissapointing. I saw it on sale for about $16 the day before it-'s release. I remember seing the E3 presentation of the game and thought -Hey, seems like it could be a nice mystery game with decent decision making that would effect the outcome along with some rather pleasent to listen to voice acting-. So I had an interest in this title. But, did it fare to my expectations? Nope. Here-'s why.Now I am going to avoid spoilers, because I respect that some will want to give this a shot themselves, but I strongly recommend waiting for a sale. Like $5.00 sale. I-'m going to start off with the pros, because despite my over-all disappointed there are some commendable attributes.Pros:+Voice acting - This is definitly the golden prize of the game. Interactions between Henry (Rich Sommer) and Delilah (Cissy Jones) are engaging and rather entertaining. It definilty does a good job and genuinely making you feel involved in the characters relationship.+Soundtrack - The ambient acoustic guitar throughout the game never got tedious and kept me enthralled and quite relaxed. +Art Style - A rather pretty lookng game, I definilty sense heavy inspiration of Team Fortress 2 especially in player model (A modded asset from Team Fortress 2). Environment is pretty to look at. But ultimately feels kind of lifeless.+Story (Acts one and two) The sense of mystery surrounding the game specifically in the first two acts,  definilty made a rather intense on-the-egde of your seat impact. It was what drove me to keep playing till the end. But, this is where I get into the cons.Cons:-Not enough depth - I thoroughly enjoyed the first 40 minutes of playing. I initially felt the game could-'ve had a lot to offer in terms of exploration. I mean, look at the map when you first get into the lookout. It seams plentiful, like there-'d be a lot to find and discover. But unfortunately there-'s northing really to keep from following the rather linear pathway to keep the story rolling. I didn-'t get the flashlight till near the end of the game and I pretty much didn-'t even need  it. -Lifeless - When you start off and come across an Elk and then a  tree scratched to ♥♥♥♥ by a Grizzly, I thought -Huh, maybe there-'ll be an encounter with a Grizzly-. Nope. Asside from the gran-total 3 npcs to come across, there is very little wildlife present in these woods. Even though the game warns of these encounters, they never occure. Ever.-Length - Having finished the game in only 3 hours, I finally understand Angry Joes contempt for short ♥♥♥ titles, I-'ve often avoided them because they aren-'t worth the asking price. I honesltly hoped this would-'ve been a bit longer. 8 - 9 hours atleast. -Illusion of choice - One thing the game did interestingly was the choices of dialogue between Henry and Delilah but ultimiately this was meaningless and has little impact on end-game. Even the text based intro makes no difference whatsoever except for a naked sketch of you depending on how you choose pose. That-'s it.-Ending sucked - A game presented like this, at least could-'ve had multiple endings.... There-'s only two and they-'re both exactly the ♥♥♥♥ing same. All in all, I give this game a 4 out of 10. It-'s not really worth $20, if on sale for like $5:00 and you enjoy dialogue heavy games then maybe give it a shot. But for the most part, it-'s pretty -meh-. 
Very fun and enjoyable game. Great fun for the whole family.
Awesome game.
it's good because you can do whatever the ♥♥♥♥ you want
Buy this game because my opinion matters.
