RustSet in a post nuclear apocalpyse, where the world is brutal and the people that inhabit it are even more so. You forage, mine, chop and kill to survive. Build bases to keep your booty safe and hope someone doesn't come along to take it and your pants.What Rust lacks in story, it makes up for with the interactions of its other inhabitants. One minute you could be taking a nice stroll along the road, next minute a naked person will try to smack you in the head with a rock. What do you do? Kill them? Make peace? Run away? That choice is up to you. Your adventures would also entail building a base, that is, if you want to keep all the stuff you find. Which may end up stolen in the future, if you aren't vigilant.I find Rust to be a great game, no matter how much people say that the community is bad. In my experiences so far, I've met people who will help you and those that will destroy you. The game is all about your interactions with players, without them, it's just not as enjoyable.My personal rating for Rust is a 10/10, because it can be so damn great, no matter how much you rage.
I recommend this game to all who like FPS survival games. This game has various quests and enemies. You can kill aliens, raiders, mutants, go through the ruined city of Washington DC or explore the various vaults the Capital Wasteland has to offer. So come on out of Vault 101 and begin your journey into the wasteland.
Blockstorm, this is one of those games that can give a large amount of replayability. The game features a few gamemodes such as Deathmatch, Team Deathmatch, Capture the Flag and Assault. The gameplay is well put and will be very familiar if you have ever played the original Ace of Spades and not the piece of crap remake. The game also features two editors. A map editor and a character editor. The editors at first seem diffcult but once you find out what does what you should be able to use them just fine. The main thing I like about this game is the fact that you can have your own personalised character skin which you create yourself, which can take some time.I'd recommend people buy this game now while it is still in the early stages, so you can see the game evolve into something greater. I'm even sure once more people find out about this game it will top that shotty remake of Ace of Spades. So come on down and join the battle.10/10
Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic II - The Sith LordsThe game is set 5 years after the original. The Republic has since been weakened from the Jedi Civil War and the Jedi have are being hunted down by the remaining Sith. You play as the lone Jedi Exile who throughtout the game reconnects with the force. This game unlike it's predecessor is set in a more darker tone. If you're familiar with the first game you will know that your actions in the game will affect whether you lean towards the light or dark side. Though with this game, it is more grey than black and white. It can be hard to tell whether doing a good thing is actually the right thing to do.The game's story is not as straight forward as the original. As it may have a defined story, but there are generally two or more sides to most of the game's plot points. As like the first game, there are multiple endings. There are also some nice side quests you can play that add some extra play time although they are optional. Another large part of the game is the party system. Throughout the game you gain party members, some may be familiar if you have played the predecessor while others are new. The game includes an influence system. The influence system works by increasing or decreasing the influence you have with your party by performing actions that they either agree or disagree with. Having a good influence with party members can give benefits, those that you will have to play the game to find.Although this game is 10 years old and may be a little dated by current game standards, it is still quite enjoyable. Also due to the fact that this game was rushed and is unfinished, there may be an assortment of bugs but nothing that is too game breaking, as well as missing story points. Although with it's unfinished state it is still a pretty polished game as all the features from it's predecessor have been upgraded and refined. Though if you want to play a more finished game I recommend getting the Restored Content Mod as it adds the cut content that was originally supposed to be in the game.My personal rating for this game is 9/10 and was one of the most enjoyable games in my childhood.
I recomend this game to people who like fast pace fps games. Jetpacking, skiing, assortments of weapons and equipment and 9 classes to choose from. This game will be fun if you choose to play it.
