I purchased this game on the same basis that I think everybody did. I wanted to play a badass dinosaur game. Before release Primal Carnage displayed the promise of intense gameplay, fun multiplayer, jaw dropping graphics and most importantly Lots and lots of dinosaur carnage. For me, Primal Carnage did not deliver.Pros:- Great Graphics.- some fun weapons.- Cool dinos.Cons:- Horribly unbalanced; Dinos will most often win.- Performance issues.- Wonky controls.- Boring game modes and boring gameplay.Although Primal Carnage can harbor some fun moments, overall the game feels Unfinished. Many balance, performance and gameplay fixes need to be made but it seems the developers have already abandoned their game with updates being few and far between. I would love to recommend this game because the idea of Dinos vs Humans is such a fun one but Primal Carnage executes it in a boring and sloppy manner. 5/10 Don't even bother.
Me and 3 mates posing as the Chernarus Police Force, stopped and cuffed a player on suspicion of substance abuse. Our senior officer provided immediate shock therapy through the use of defibrillation. As we were talking to the suspect about what we could to help her current position, she stopped us and asked us to remove her clothing as she was hot under her heavy clothes. We complied and removed her clothes. I being the gentleman that I am, noticed her lovely starry undies and complimented her on them. Within a second of receiving the compliment, shots were fired at us and our senior officer was dead. We made haste to the nearest cover and spotted 2 armed felons on the ridge to our north. We returned fire. In the rush of returning fire and adjusting positions, we noticed a group of three new spawns which we proceeded to yell at to ‘run and take cover’ as the firefight was escalating.  The assailants retreated into the dense tree line after shots were landed. Remembering that our late senior officer had a defibrillator, our youngest constable ran to the fresh corpse sitting alongside our still restrained drug addict. As our constable approached the body, the pumped up stoner jumped up and started assaulting constable with his fists. Constable swiftly retaliated with multiple swings of his fire axe. The poor addict was dead in seconds and the constable had no idea how to use a defib. As we gave up on reviving our fallen, a new spawn greeted us and asked if he could run with us for a while. So with a replacement for our senior officer and the 2 other new spawns already hunting down our attackers, we set off and up the hill to the red house. We made our way to the trees outside of the red house and were instantly greeted by gunfire from behind the brick wall. Bullets flew, missed and then hit our Luminescent jacket wearing officer, who had been unfortunate enough to be expelled from the tree we were squashed behind. Yellow jacket was unconscious. I fired back and presumably killed one of the thugs but one still remained. With no ammunition remaining and no other way to end the battle, I summoned the new spawns to my side, as constable and myself ran into the house brandishing our axes, ready for death. This was it. Live or Die. Smoke or Fry. As we climbed the stairs and opened the door, we took our last breath and breached the door, only to discover our enemy had combat logged. GGWP 11/10 would bang.
Summary – Pros:--tFun gameplay and tight controls.--tGreat atmosphere; Music, Visuals and story.--tDoesn’t outstay its welcome.Cons:--tSome dodgy sound effects.--tFrustrating at times.--tBalance issues.Score – 7/10Short, fun and cheap. Worth picking up. :DExtended Review:Halo: Spartan Assault is a fun and short game. It took me just over 3 hours to complete the campaign and most of the time, I was enjoying myself. The controls are great for a PC port, the graphics are good considering this is a PC port, there are all the basic video settings but I often encountered a bug, where upon tabbing out the game would exit full screen and enter a small window and I was unable to revert back to full screen without relaunching the game. A small hindrance due to the short levels but it does get annoying. On to the actual gameplay and atmosphere now. The gameplay is fun and rather simple. Top down shooter with a few objectives to complete over a 3-8 minute long level. There are a variety of objectives that never overstay their welcome or re-occur too often. There also additional challenges in the form of both Assault Ops and weekly challenges. Spartan Assault rewards kills with a simple points system. Points are rewarded per kill and vary in quantity for what you kill. Medals can also be earned through killing enemies in a certain way (the same as medals in other Halo games). Depending on the amount of points earned during a mission, XP is rewarded after the game to purchase additional, weapons, Armour abilities and boosters for damage, shield regen and points for a single mission. Skulls (difficulty modifiers) can be applied to earn more XP. There is a great selection of enemies, vehicles, weaponry and gadgets at your disposal. Enemies react well and behave as you would expect from a halo game. There are a large selection of enemies that you encounter, ranging from meek grunts to tough and aggressive brute chieftains. Vehicles look very good in Spartan assault but some (Tanks and Wraiths) suffer from some clunky controls. All weapons feel effective but could use a little spruce up in the sound department and some balancing. Most gadgets are useful one way or another but there are a few that don't seem to have much use at all. The energy shield is very hard to position and provides minimal cover, along with slogging you down. On the other hand, the stun AOE is brilliantly effective, if not a little OP. Overall combat feels good but could use some balancing and punchier sound design.The graphics and textures are impressive for a port. They look detailed, smooth and move very fluidly. Some environments feel a little bland but this can be ignored by the vast majority of exciting and wild landscapes that capture both the beauty and war-torn horror of the Halo universe. The cut scenes are brilliant. The moving comic art style that Halo fans may be familiar with has returned and has never looked better. It is simply put, the animation of an art piece. The story that accompanies these cut scenes is easy to follow but interesting nonetheless. The main story is told through cut scenes but additional story can be found in the mission briefing. The music of Spartan Assault is also amazing. It perfectly captures the spirit of previous halo titles and mixes in some new sounds as well. There is a piece of music for every mood in Spartan ops and every piece is amazing. The overall atmosphere is dark but enthralling and debatably the best part of Spartan Assault. There are 6 campaign chapters with 5 levels per chapter (amounting to 30 short levels). Playing through these levels, I rarely died but the points that I did die at, I died repeatedly. This caused quite a bit of frustration for me but after investing my XP into additional weapons and ‘power ups’ I managed to surpass them. By the end of my time with Spartan Assault, I felt that dropping $5 on a short enjoyable title like this was well worth my money. Overall I feel that the game is absolutely worth picking up if you’re a fan of the halo universe or just looking for a short but enjoyable game.7/10
Planetside 2 is the perfect example of free to play done right.Its expansive content, intense battles, beautiful environments and appealing UI make planetside a great game to play solo or with friends. The free to play model is very well ballanced. The starter weapons feel great to use and very effective. with upgrades and new weapons priced fairly low, it doesnt take long to get that cool looking camo or sniper rifle you've been after. Weapons and vehicles feel balanced, as everything having its pros and cons. The world of planetside has 3 factions struggling for control over 3 massive continents. Battles never get repetetive with a huge variety of bases to capture/defend and limitless ways to do so. The games visuals are a stunning mix between sci-fi and natural environments. The game is very well optimised, allowing PCs of all strengths to run smoothly. Team play isn't forced upon you but sticking together with friends or randoms has its advantages and fun is ensured. Overall, planetside is a great free to play game and I highly recommend it.
Somebody please save me from myself.
Do you like Goats?Yes! Then this game is for you!No! Then this game is for you!GOATY
TLDR - I highly recommend this product to anyone who has an interest in the videogame development process and/or the indie scene. I give Super Game Jam an 8/10.Episode 1 - NavigatorI was interested in this project since launch. The only reason I didn-'t buy in earlier was the mixed opinions I have been seeing here and there. Some saying the project doesn-'t live up to expectations and other saying it goes above and beyond them. After a long time and many moments of -I-'m going to buy this now- and then -On second thought I will wait-, I finally bought Super Game Jam. I watched the first episode and played the first game I am very happy so far. The documentary portion was great. I really liked the personalities involved (Richard Boeser – dev of Ibb and Obb and Jan Willem Nijman - 50% of Vlambeer) and felt they had good chemistry, it was interesting, not as personal as I would have liked (Indie Game: The Movie nailed it), Sound and music were great aside from some bumping around in the background and the cinematography was up there with the likes of -'Free to Play-' and -'Indie Game: The Movie-'. The game that I watched these two guys make in 48 hours was really cool. The control were tight, visuals enthralling and I really loved the concept and I-'m glad Nijman pushed the racing + companionship idea so hard. Overall, I found watching the back and forth, creative process between these two devs who had never worked together before to be really fun and even inspiring especially after playing the game and seeing just how much they accomplished in 48 hours. For this review, I don-'t think I can give it a numbered score but I will say that I enjoyed the first episode immensely and would recommend it. I cannot wait to watch and play the rest of this (I cannot think of a word to describe this other than the very broad term of -'Project-').Episode 2 - BlossomThe Documentary The second episode started off with something I wasn-'t expecting. The two new devs (Dominik Johann – former dev of Might and Delight and Christoffer Hedborg – Artist and dev for Super Stress-Out) sat down and watched a video message from the previous two devs whom gave the new duo their theme to work with. I really like this idea of passing on ideas from game jam to game jam, dev to dev. After receiving the message the two developers brainstormed the theme, which was gardening. The brainstorm sessions that occurred in the first episode as well are great. They give a cool look into how a game is conceived. I don-'t want to give a recap of the whole episode so I will just point out a few likes and dislikes I had with this episode. Much like the first, this episode had two devs with great creative chemistry, wonderful cinematography (especially those creative/scenic transitions/montages), music and flow. This episode did a great job at showing the stress and uncertainty that the two underwent during the final hours of the jam that wasn-'t all that present in the first episode. The only downside to this episode has to be, how hard it was to follow the creative process. I could barely understand what the game was shaping into until the end of the episode. This is probably the way the devs felt as well but I still felt pretty lost at times. This episode was certainly good but missed a major element that kept me engaged throughout the first.The GameThe game was a little more abstract and harder to understand than the first. What I got from it was that it is about survival in an endless space with a home planet that is destined to die. The art, music, sound design, gravity and steering of the home planet were all stellar but the goal of the game was hard to comprehend. Even without a concrete goal, the game was still enjoyable enough to play through numerous times.OverallThe second part of this project was good, not as good as the first but nonetheless very enjoyable. I can-'t wait to watch and play the next Episode of Super Game Jam.Episode 3 - Catch of DeathThe DocumentaryLet me start off by saying this is by far my favourite episode of this project so far. What made this episode and contributed to the greatness of the first 2 is the amazing chemistry between the 2 devs chosen. I cannot give them enough praise for their choice of devs. These two guys, Sos Sosowski and Adam Drucker are ♥♥♥♥ing hilarious. They are the perfect match. They both have very comical personalities that had me laughing aloud very often. This episode was filled with comedy and I-'m very glad the project makers noticed this and focused on this. Along with the hilarity, this episode also had the same wonderful overarching features that previous eps had (e.g. Music, cinematography), a great brainstorm segment, very memorable quotes from both devs and a nice change of tone for the entire project. This episode felt crazy, hilarious and gloriously ragtag. These guys seemed like the best of friends from start to finish and their ridiculous ideas, funny communications and strange workflow made this episode extremely enjoyable.The GameThe game is as ludicrous as the devs behind it. It is basically football without rules or reason. A ♥♥♥♥fest of button spam and desperately trying to find where my character is and who my character is among a variety of other deranged characters in a world built by a 4 year old wielding nothing but a box of crayons and the kitchen wall. It-'s incredibly hard to understand what is going on but I had so much fun with this game. My playtime was also vastly extended by the inclusion of all the builds leading up to the final working game. Broken but fun.OverallThis episode is beyond amazing. Enough said.Episode 4 - TorrThe DocumentaryThis episode featured a dev who I was really looking forward to seeing. Jonatan Soderstrom, who made Hotline Miami, one of my favourite games. Jonatan was accompanied by Martin Jonasson, who made Rymdkapsel. This developer duo did not have the chemistry that previous duos had. Even though Martin was upbeat and happy most of the time, Jonatan looked uncomfortable and bored most of the time and was very quiet for the better part of the episode. I-'m not saying I don-'t like him or disrespect him because he seemed bored but it did have an impact on how much I enjoyed this episode. Another factor that I missed was the creative brainstorming at the start of each episode. There didn-'t seem to be much a brainstorm and that kind of disappointed me as these creative session have been super interesting in past episodes. Flaws aside this episode featured the best cinematography so far. The use of Bokeh in a lot of shots made for some beautiful scenery and cool interview sets. The music in this episode was also some of my favourite from the project. Finally I found the creative process really easy to follow even without the brainstorm at the beginning. I understood every decision they made and why because the devs explained what they were doing as they went forward. This episode was a bit of a letdown but the expertise in cinematography and the still enjoyable premise of the project made it fun to watch anyway.The GameReview coming soon...
Revision - Since the start of development, Overkill has repeatedly stated that they would not introduce micro-transactions to the game. Well guess what! They have! The micro-transaction skins also give a stat boost, giving an unfair advantage to players that pay.Upon Payday: the heist's release it was hailed as one the best cooperative shooters/games in recent memory. The tight controls, intense firefights, brilliant music, interesting objectives and exciting teamplay all contributed to Payday's warm reception. Payday 2 Takes everything the first game did, throws it in a mulcher and uses said mulch to top its own list commendations with even more refined, badass action. Payday 2 Expands on everything the first Payday did right. Gunplay, maps/objectives, customisation, controls and music are all revamped for Payday 2 and with a large progression system, Payday 2 can make for hours of fun. My Score:If you liked Payday: The Heist, Buy this immediately.If you think you might like Payday 2, Buy this immediately.8/10 Pretty Damn good.
