I have been curious about this game ever since I saw the trailer,  curiosity that only grew the more lets plays I saw.I have only payed a bit over 5 hours of the game and I can tell you I love it!The crafting and construction are done really well, challenging enough without being to onerous, something most games with this feature struggle with.It has a great survival atmosphere where you really feel you are at the mercy of the forest itself, the anxiety between trying to complete construction projects, gathering resources, exploring, all the while keeping an eye on daylight and most of all your vitals while keeping an eye over your shoulder for the potential of cannibals. It is truly a delight.The focus on your survival is a great source of challenge in itself before you even factor in Cannibals.I understand many feel a great apprehension about paying for an early access game, but from my experience so far it is well worth the price, it appears beyond that of any beta I have ever played, what's more it's on par if not better then many completed games I have dealt with recently.
Loved this game as a kid, in fact I loved the whole trilogy. This is a great port that I have so far enjoyed great stability. The original 3 Commander Keen games are very simple side scrolling platforms by today's standards, but remain a great source of fun. Though it may not be the best way to spend a day as it was for me back in the day. But considering the price it's a great source of nostalgia, or if you have never played these then it's a good opportunity to live some gaming history.I've never been a huge fan of the latter games, they are okay for a little bit of fun, but I've always found that the general feel of the game and controls were lacking.Disappointing that this pack does NOT include all the Keen games.
Unless you want to play it for nostalgia it's probably best you avoid it. The difficulty jumps significantly after the first stage, and the game remains consistently unforgiving.Still a lot of fun, especially for those of us with fond memories of it from back in the day.
Remains a great fun educational game.
I played this game quite a bit back in the 90s so it's great to relive that once again, however this time it's far more stable and wont crash irregularly. A great port. The game is still just as fun as it was back then, though I'm willing to admit I may have the nostalgia goggles on. The levels are well designed, with a desirable and challenging but fair difficulty curb. I recommend.
It's pack man on acid.A lot of fun, get it while cheap it's great to chill to.
