When they were still improving it I couldn't recommend it enough. If this is all it's ever going to be then you should be playing 7 Days to Die instead.The hours I've played have been starting new games over and over again because initially the exploration, resource gathering and construction is really entertaining. But then you run out of things to do and realise that your turrets are shooting up your own base because there's a bug stuck behind your wall.
This essentially takes the best parts of Carma 1 and 2 and brings them well up to date. The cars are awesome, subtle little changes compared to originals gives them their own style without changing the character. The maps are quite big and use a lot of vertical space, kind of like Maim Street in Carma 2. There's a good mix of old and new powerups too.Most of the complaints are about frame rate and load times so I'll address those directly:The load times are pretty huge, it does take 30-40 seconds to load a map, sometimes a bit longer.I don't have any issues once it's loaded with SLI GTX 670s and an i5 CPU running at 4ghz but my HTPC that runs Grid 2 beautifully is a slide show (1-2 fps) so I guess it's a bit hit and miss.My only complaint is how it feels like all the cars have the oiled up tyres debuff. Seriously, make a turn at ~60kph and you slide into a wall. It makes exploring the tight maps and checkpoint stampede really frustrating because it feels like you're steering a boat. I'm sure it'll improve with the handling upgrades but that's a long way off in the campaign. Also the engine sounds get really annoying really quickly (I changed the engine sounds in Carma 2 to an actual V8 and it sounded f*cking amazing).It's not the kind of game I can play for hours at a time, but it's awesome for a quick 30 minute destress every now and then :)
Adding my thumbs up to the horde. Amazing game, very active devs and a great community. The only negatives are the messy research screen and the GUI and bug interaction could use a little more work. But the reason for this is the bulk of the development effort has gone into the guts of the game; the factory parts, circuit/train networks and fixing bugs. This is where 90% of the game play is at and that part is more than worth $20.
Now that it's had a bunch of updates and I don't think the base game is going to change much more without DLC I think I could write a proper review.Still worth a thumbs up, there's hundreds of hours here if you can stick with it. The only criticisms I have are: the inconsistent naming scheme for PCBs and research pods - why not just name them after what they're made from like everything else? the agonisingly slow start - early expansion appears to be restricted solely to add hours played, even though most of it is just waiting for ore to be smelted or items to be researched the boring reliance on tiers, or multiple versions of the same object as a way to increase complexity - having fewer items made from multiple ore types would be better IMOAll of those are easily fixed through modding or completely disappear within 5 or 6 hours (sooner if you know what you're doing).It's pretty smooth sailing from there :)
The original version was well worth it.This is better by far.Doesn't take a genius :)
I wake up in the middle of a burned out forest. I breath in the smoke filled air while skeletal trees sway all around me. With no landmarks to guide me I choose a direction and started running. Soon I come to a bridge over a river, crossing it the landscape changes to one of utter devastation. Destroyed buildings and spiney bushes are everywhere. I slow to a walk. The dead shuffle along the road to each side, all but ignoring me. Then I hear quick, padded footfalls behind me. I turn to see the corpses of two dobermans lunging at me, their horrific howls losening my bowels. I try to run but they're too fast for me. I try to fight them off but their too strong for me. The wasteland claims another victim.Desperately needing resources I venture down one of the tunnels that I've found scattered around the place. It's as if a huge worm had gorged its way deep into the rock. Darkness closes in around me so I flick on my head lamp. Ahead I hear the unmistakable moaning of the dead. I unconsciously grasp my crossbow that much tighter as I inch forward. The tunnel ends abruptly and drops a few meters then continues back in the opposite direction, I see four zombies trapped below me. They see me and it's as if a switch is flicked inside them. Like fish in a barrel, I think to myself. I raise my crossbow and fire off a bolt. I fail to notice a fifth zombie bashing at the rock below me. The cave floor collapses and I'm dumped into the midst of the horde. The impact breaks my leg but it's ok, the pain doesn't last long.I create a safe spot for myself in a massive underground cavern. Light from my torch flickers off every wall, lighting up huge veins of iron and lead. Darker patches betray the presence of coal. A few zombie corpses litter the floor, the dead put down for the last time. I lift my pick and climb up to a coal patch. I take a couple of swings and chunk of coal breaks off. I smile to myself as I imagine how much wood this will free up for my safehouse upgrades. I break off another chunk. Suddenly the wall shudders and moves. I watch, hypnotised, as loose rocks tumble down in front of me. My eyes follow the cascade upwards, widening as I see the entire roof begin to drop. I try to run but my legs fail me. It's not the zombies that end my life, it's tons of loose rock and gravel.Should be called 700 Ways to Die.10/10
