 Written for an assessment at  SAE Institute Brisbane! [sae.edu.au] I myself am an avid player of immersive space simulators, and Rodina is a simple, yet brilliant addition to my much beloved genre. Rodina is already full of great features, and has excellent potential in terms of the endless possibilities for the modding side of it. Even though Rodina consists of only one system, it has the potential to habitat so much inside of it.The flight and combat in the game is very enjoyable. The movement is all inertia based, and the weapons look and feel amazing. Shooting down enemies high and the atmosphere, and watching them fall out of view, knowing that you could fly all the way down there and find some wondrous mountain range where the ship crashes, makes the game feel extremely grand. Its story is basic at first, but I suspect it will later develop, which gives purpose to exploring and fighting the large amounts of enemies. The feeling of flying straight out of space and onto a planets surface, while dealing with the fear of burning up in the atmosphere build so much tension and requires focus, particularly on the higher difficulties. Once you are on the surface, and have fought off any enemies in the area, you can land and walk around your ship and the planet, you can even edit the layout of your ship. You can see some great sights exploring on the surface of planets, though, in its current state the surface of a planet/asteroid/planetoid gets a bit repetitive after a while. As with most immersive space games, watching the day start, go by, and end on an alien planet is something that gets most immersive space game fans worked up (and anyone who enjoys something beautiful), what makes it even better is knowing that you can go do it all again on another planet.This game is already a great experience, for a very low price, even if a short lived one. I am excited to see it as it progresses through development, and we get to see some more incredible sights from an alien system.
It's like if pong took a bit too much cocaine.
