Playing XCOM is like being punched in the mouth. But then you get cookies. But then you get punched in the mouth while eating the cookies and you break all your teeth.... What Im trying to say is it's better to play XCOM then break your teeth. Do it!
http://blog.blackshellgames.com/2014/04/alans-musings-ftl-advanced-edition-review/When the original FTL was released in 2012, it was a substantial hit with the gaming community, employing rogue-light aspects with the feeling of playing as Kirk or Picard flying your own spaceship through the various charted, and uncharted star systems in an effort save yourself and the entire galaxy. It was interesting, easy to learn but hard to master, but most importantly, it was very, very fun.And now, nearly 2 years after the original release, the developer Subset Games have released a full expansion for free in the form of FTL: Advanced Edition, adding a new race to interact with, a new ship to pilot, a new type of room to utilize, new weapons to devastate your enemy with and a new, sadistic difficulty that the hardcore FTL players will revel in. It’s basically anything you could ever want in an expansion.The best part is, it’s entirely for free for those who already own FTL!For those who haven’t experienced or heard of FTL in the past, it is essentially a top down real time strategy game in which you control your ship and attempt to reach the end of the game in order to prevent the destruction of the galaxy at the hand of the Rebel fleet. You control your individual crew members, assigning them to various posts such as shield bay, weapons bay, engine bay or whatever part of your ship that you want. You then travel through various star systems which contain one of 3 things, an enemy, a choice encounter, or nothing with the intent of reaching the Federation controlled sector at the end of the game to fight off the Rebellion.As it is also a rogue-lite, the game struck a chord with many people, myself included. The interesting game play, the incredible soundtrack and the perfect visuals made the game an instant purchase in my opinion and I spent a large amount of time with the game whenever my internet decided to go down.So does FTL: Advanced Edition justify new people to go out of their way to purchase the game? Well, yes. The original FTL was already a treasure trove of content, and the Advanced Edition adds so much more.One of the new weapons for example, the Scrap Launcher, adds an incredibly interesting dynamic to the combat, acting like a meteor that is able to hit your ship several times, becoming a terrifying and formidable weapon. Similarly, the new alien species, the ”Lanius”: A race that needs no oxygen to survive and drains oxygen from whatever room they are in adds an interesting dynamic to the game. The fact that you don’t necessarily need oxygen in your ship to function is a potential benefit, but also a curse depending on how you manage the ship and other, non Lanius crew members.The new “Medbay” room also adds a different element. Instead of a generic room in which you can send your crew members to heal up after a particularly hectic battle, you have a cloning facility, which allows your crew to be resurrected, should they die (with a small penalty to their individual skills like their repair ability, their fighting ability or their skill managing individual rooms.) This means that you cannot heal your crew in a timely fashion and have to be careful and strategic about when to engage and when not to engage.The new “Hacking” room also creates a new dynamic for the game, with the potential ability of enemy ships to totally ruin your ships rooms and turn them against you, should you not pay sufficient attention to what they are doing. Similarly, the mind control ability is also potentially devastating, providing more care and attention in order to pull off a full run of FTL successfully.However, there are a few issues with FTL. The game can seem incredibly confusing to new players, but this is solved over time with play like many rogue-likes. And although I don’t feel this way, it’s possible that many will be put off by the steep difficulty that the game presents you with.So the bottom line is “is FTL: Advanced Edition worth the $9.99 price tag?”Yes, yes it is. If you happen to even slightly enjoy the idea of commanding your own ship like a Kirk or Picard, you will most likely love this game. And even if this idea doesn’t interest you, there’s still plenty to love with the incredibly interesting tactical battles and choices on offer here and the incredibly replay ability.Buy this one, you wont regret it!
It's pretty damn cool. A free to play game that doesn't punch you in the face with microtransactions!
You know when a title theme for a game makes buying the game worthwhile that you have a damn good title theme... ANYWAY, this game is rad and will probably molest your time, so its perfect if you have nothing to do.
