potato 2 is a great puzzle game becides a rubix cube. it includes a great story line afler 9999999999(i don't know how many 9's) years later when aperture *Beep* now back to the review portal throws you into many ovals and pits but wheatley is a *beep* to you and melps ever so slightly along the way after all a good game. but 1 thing. the biggest feature to potato 2 is the Co-Op feature. 1 word IT DOSENT WORK
A game about being chased by a gazillion zombies and not being givin enough time to pick up guns with no ammo in them. this game is in early access but scince its not finished i cant blame the bugs. as they are being fixed constantly by 1 gauy which had made the internet crazy over it so i has alot of flare. the fact thet your items is shared across servers kinda bugs me as its a survival game but its difficult to find so that also puts me with the server sharing. speaking of servers there is no server list, for me to play coop with my friends we needed hamachi which was a but annoying because the last time i did that was when i was playing minecraft so nelson make a server list and have a optional keep item when you die plz and yea get it before it costs mones because this could just be the new minecraft when its finished
CS:GO is a fun tactical shooter (Or non tacticaldepending on your play style) the graphics are well done but not too overboard like CoD or BF so you can run it on a potato. The mainproblen with the game is that bloody cooldown system. Whats it for ???!!!!Easy to catch on to, but hard to master
This is a game where decisions count and teamwork is needed most. going alone against a player = your doom. at start the game is confusing and difficult and the tutorial gives all the information you will ever need like not playing with WASD and using special skills and buying attribute points too. this game is about balance, send all heros to 1 lane you lose over buying and balancing = you lose save ballance lanes and teamwork. lets say you have a 50-50 chance
A great game but not a good way to implement begineers into the game as you are first versing player with usally over 100 hours on this game. Map layouts are great an fluid but cs_assault needs patching with the -good spot :3-
A great sandbox game with your imaginatin as the limits of what you can achive. Gamemodes are great and the workshop just makes it better, but the complexity of the tools can be a bit fiddily at first but just make sure u watch some tutorials before jumpin in to games
Everything is rubbish becides thats is a source game
This documentury shows  how much you sacrifice to gaming to be the best in the world. the documenturey also tells me to stop playing games or you're a really bad guy at everything
