The first time I played CS:GO I was incredibly disappointed. I had just recently come from Call Of Duty on the good old PS3. I couldn't aim down sights, I couldn't run and gun, I didn't know how to control recoil and I had no idea what callouts to say. Since I was useless at Competitive, I played deathmatch (COD influenced me into playing dm) where I was continuously shot from all different angles and was struggling to have a 0.5 KD. My first 90 hours only had a few Competitive games thrown in where I managed to win 1 of them. However, on the holidays my friends would mainly play CS:GO and I joined in. This time was when I began to appreciate CS:GO as an amazing game. It has so many features that many games simply do not have. CS:GO also has a thriving community with millions of people playing every month. There's also the market. There are so many weapon skins available. This game has become one of my favourite games. However, there are some things that aren't necessarily bad, but some people may not like them. Such as the graphics, deathmatch spawns and the skill level required to play well may be a large turn off for people. If you do buy this game, GLHF.
I would prefer to have AIDS rather than play this game
I have been playing this game for a while now before it was Greenlit on Steam so please don't take the amount of time on Steam into consideration. This game is my favourite Early Access game. It is great fun, especially when you're in an APC with a friend on the MG and you roadkill people. There are 5 classes that you can choose from. Infantry, Tank Crewman, Pilot, Paratrooper and Recon. You start off as an Infantry soldier and as you level up you can decide to transfer to a different type of soldier.But, the three best things in the game are riding around in the massive maps on a civilian bicycle while ringing the bell or roadkilling pesky German troops while in an APC or combining those with friends.This is a great game and I can't wait until the next update and the release of the final game! To the devs, keep up the great work! 10/10
Crap... Just crap...
Witnessed a man walking 30 metres above the ground. 10/10
Great but hard to play WW1 FPS.
Made a warchief cry - 10/10 IGN would play again
Help!!! For some reason I can't connect to servers as it says that I am currently in a game. I have tried rebooting my system, checking the game cache and reinstalling it and nothing works. Help!!!
