This is an amazing game, if you're looking for something that'll suck you in, this is it. There is so much to do in this game & it never gets frustrating. The gameplay welcomes so many playstyles it's describable only as a game, not a stealth platformer, not an action shooter, everything! The story is good, but nothing too special. If you're old enough to play it, BUY IT RIGHT NOW!
Okay, so I've already praised this game and all it's features but there's just been a massive update... It has completely overhauled every detail of the game and it honestly does not have the same feel. IT IS SO MUCH MORE AWESOME. THe Matter Manipulator is useful now, Combat is much more challenging and fun, but most importantly... It doesn't feel like Terraria 2 anymore. This game was already unique enough as it was but now. This could honestly be released as a full game right now and I wouldn't complain, but these guys know why Minecraft and Terraria did well. I only have a few nitpicks like all ore is significantly rarer & WTF are core fragments, but I digress. If you liked Terraria, you are going to play this for ages. It is accessible but can provide a pretty good challenge. It's good, buy it.
10/10 Would cry again
-You want me to kill these rats? Okay the- oh dear I-'ve slit your throat-11/10 Would slit again
After booting up this game at least 20 times, my brain has learned that when that moment comes, it needs to pack up and leave, a more fitting name for this game is Mindf***: The Game. You never have any idea what is going on but that is what makes it so brilliant. You cannot look at it's name without shuddering in preparation for your to explode... and that is why it is so amazing.88888888888/10
WARNING: While I recommend this game, I do NOT recommend it on PC. It is a good game, but GFWL just screws EVERYTHING up. If you are going to play it use an offline profile, this (sometimes) lets you save your game.Also, I cannot get this to run smoothly even on the lowest settings, it is just so taxing I can't even begin to describe it. But that's probably just meRight, this game is awesome if you look at the game itself and not that crap up there ^It's really fun to go around shooting things and stealing cars and everything else you want to doI recommend it... but not on PC.
This is the most hectic cooking game on the planet!!!!!!!!!!1
When you hear the word(s) RPG, you probably think of Final Fantasy, and with good reason. This is a very great game but if you're not a fan of RPGs you won't have fun here. It requires time and effort to get to the good stuff.
The concept is good, the gameplay is good, the weapon customization is AMAZING. But... the players are mostly trolls except for a select few. (Thank goodness this game allows you to play against bots.) Get it.
Planetside 2 is... Interesting. Staring at a huge monitor watching amazing-looking explosions is amazing. The customizablility in this game is actually, compared to other MMOFPSs very enjoyable and all-in-all 'nice'. The 6 classes all have a TON of differences in gameplay and play-style, and this is very different from your generic 'different health and guns' stereotype people usually associate with FPSs. For example, in Planetside 2, the light assault infantry unit has an upgradable jetpack and only 2 weapon slots. Speaking of customisable things, the New Conglomerate, Terran Republic and Vanu Sovereinty differ in play-style. The New Conglomerate uses powerful, high velocity bullets to quickly take down targets and battle at long range over the plains of Amerish, the Terran Republic uses fast firing weapons to fire many bullets into enemies, perfect for the hilly ambush predator riddled landscape of Indar, and the more futuristic Vanu Sovereinty infantry units are equipped with faster reloading laser weapons, perfect with reflex scopes and someone with sharp vision for the long reaching, vast sea beds of Esamir.
