This is not a game, it is more of a lifeless pile of ♥♥♥♥ that everyone avoids on the side walk. In other words there is a reason as to why you should avoid it. This game is not complete no matter what they say. Half the features they promised have never happened and never will. If you're looking for fun do not even think of this game, because you're honestly better off playing with a plastic bag full of ♥♥♥♥, you would at least get some sense of suspense from that.
Honestly one of the best first person shooters ever made, I would say this beats most other commercial FPS's out there. This gem of a game focuses on gameplay more than anything but still manages to tell and awesome story. If you're and offline gamer or an online gamer I highly reccomend this game I rate it 10/10.
One of the best early access games I have played, so many things to make and do. The zombies are actually fun to fight. I can't wait until cars are implemented. 9/10
An extremely fun game that can lead to some extremely funny unscripted moments. A small word of advice, don't stay in one spot too long, they will find you. Also there are a few bugs that I noticed that I'd like to point out.Weapon dupingFlare gun axeExploding treesCtrl=turning invisible to the enemyAnd switching from holding a molotov to anything else makes you drop it right in front of you.I'd really love to see a scroll bar inventory :D Otherwise really fun game.
Though this game has some pay to win elements for a single person, it is probably the best FPS I have ever played. Huge battles that are extremely un-predictable as they rage on and not to mention the sheer epicness of being part of a tank battalion. But if ground combat is not for you, join the aero core and launch massive dropship suicide runs. All round this game is pitch perfect, however the only thing I would ask to be added into the game is A MECH!
The only game where you get killed over a rotten banana and by singing the teapot song :(. The Day ZnessFunniest game I have played in ages.
Good game, needs more Russians. 11 dollars out of 5 cats
-yes-....
