Upon loading up and getting started with BanHammer it becomes quite clear that I am a little out of my depths as a solo player in a game intended to be played with a friend as a local co-op game. That isn’t to suggest that the game isn’t soloable, it certainly is once you learn how to play the game. However, you may not find the game as entertaining as if you did play in a group. With this line of thought I'll site the Borderlands games as comparable (better with friends than solo). If you do have friends to join you then you’re really going to be in for a treat. The ability to kill mob after mob after mob while rescuing animals being attacked by game hunters is a lot of fun. The graphics are perfect for what the game needs, the sound is fine and the game play is smooth. You will find some people complaining about bugs and other annoyances in the game but in my time with the game I did not notice anything out of the ordinary which correlates to the more recent or updated reviews who claim that a patch repaired the game.There are a wide variety of weapons and other tools/power ups that players can utilize and although you are thrown in from the deep end, a lack of tutorial hurts the game, once you begin to understand what you are doing in regards to the quests the game opens up. It’s an easy game to recommend to those of you who enjoy action games especially for the price. However do note that the game was bundled in its greenlight phase and that’s generally a sign that the game will ultimately find itself in another bundle sooner than later. Still, this one is worth the small price especially if you can get into that local co-op.For more reviews similar to this and regular giveaways please visit http://www.steamified.com/
I’m not as high on erobotan’s Princess’ Edge – DragonStone as what other user reviews on Steam are. However, it is still a game that I am happy to recommend to old school gamers looking for their next fix on the Beat ’em up genre especially those who grew up loving and playing the ♥♥♥♥ out of Golden Axe. A lot of people thought that the genre was long gone but occasionally a developer who like me grew up feasting on the genre will attempt to rekindle it with varying degrees of success.When you’re playing one of these types of games you’re not necessarily looking for the best graphics or sound. What you’re after is maximum playability – intuitive controls that are fun to play and an often surprising amount of options and opportunities to employ strategy. We love the never ending brutality that these games have. We look for epic boss fights and various different encounters that make us actively think about what an enemy’s greatest point of weakness is and how to overcome seemingly unimaginable odds to beat each level until we’ve either defeated the game or reached a point where you obsess about what it will take to overcome that level. Even the most skilled players of the genre can struggle against different types of bosses.Therefore you’re not going to find the latest and greatest graphics here. The graphics that are in the game are basic but they serve their purpose quite well. Although others may disagree I enjoyed the in game sound more than I did the graphics. The tunes are catchy albeit a little on the repetitive side. The challenge in the game is pivotal and it achieves what it sets out to to a significant degree. This is definitely the highlight of the game. I think the balance is more than suitable for the genre though younger players may find the game a little on the difficult side – which is the intention. A final positive that I want to mention are the number of special moves featured in the game already. That is a definite advantage and should theoretically provide some replayability as you attempt different play styles.Where the game falls short, at least for now, is that there are only five stages and nine regular enemy types. The developer claims that this is already a finished game but it is too much on the short side. I’d like to see a lot more content added to the game. I’d bring the game up to at least eight different levels with each level having a boss fight. I’d also like to see the game become more Steamified with achievements and trading cards added to the game. Local co-op would be another option that I would like to see considered, however, that may unbalance the gameplay and make it too easy.This is a cool game and one that brings back memories which is clearly the intention of the developer. I hope they continue along their game development pathway.Visit Steamified[www.steamified.com] for more reviews and our epic giveaways
