Best Game I have Ever Played! And yes I have played that many hours don't judge me :~:. I just love how this game is designed from it's looks to its sounds, I have never heard any sounds like this having alot of bass in them. Sound is your best friend unless you want to get shot in the back of the head with an AK-47. And yet I thought this game couldn't get any better but Valve is still putting out updates for it including skins for your weapons to add that little extra dazzle to them while you deal some heavy damage to those damn terrorists. It also includes a competitive mode and ranking system if you ever want to play a serious game, but beware, most of these people in competitives aren't very nice no matter what you do, however, you may run into a few polite ones along your journey.And even better! When you shoot a chicken they EXPLODE. They also like to dress up into ghosts and reindeers in holiday events!If you ever have a spare $15 PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PICK UP THIS GAME! Plus you can get some extra money from selling those skins for a few dollars ;D. Now please hurry the frick up and BUY THIS GAME 20/10!(Edited paragraphs after dashed line)----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Well now i'm back to this review and oh god can I even begin to tell you how many updates they have put out since I have posted this? They now have a workshop in which you can make you're own camo's/skins to be picked by Valve to be put into this awesome masterpiece (Although, it is a bit complicating).This game is probably the most realistic game out there (next to Insurgency). It's nothing like ♥♥♥♥ing COD where all you have is 10 year old trollers. You actually find people who are willing to help out AS A TEAM. Now I know i'm rambling, but stick with me, i'm gonna put pro's and cons in.Pros:-Quite realisticCan make some extra moneyLong lasting gameplayCompetitive gamemode (ranked)DemolitionAn awesome arrange of gunsConstantly gets updated.Cons:-People aren't always the nicest.Griefers.Well I think that is all I can add to this review apart that it is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic. Pick it up now.
Oh this game. Where do I start. This game is just essentialy about you and your friends have been lost in a shipwreck and captured by adorable and fuzzy kittens and you have to go find and save your best pal Hatty Hattington. This game made me laugh my ♥♥♥ of just because of the cutscenes and the voice actor, it made me laugh to an extent where I buckled my pants (reference to this game).The art style is just beautiful because it's cartoonish and is very vibrant.I really don't have much more to say except for BUY IT NOW! IT'S A SNAG FOR $15!
Really nice game that inputs stealth AND loud into one you can choose. I think this is tremendously better than PAYDAY: The Heist. PTH just got repetitve with not many contracts to do, but with Payday 2 releasing free maps alot it almost never gets boring. Aside from that I think the DLC is still overpriced and you should only get them when they are on sale.But even though the dlc is overpriced still a very nice game 9/10.
Great game! I still think there should be oceanic servers though so I can fully enjoy it. Lag is no fun.
What is there to say about Insurgency other than it's a great game?From the launch screen to the attachments of the actual guns it will keep you captivated for many upon many of hours.And yes, I have not played many hours of this, but, it only takes about 1 match to see that this is ultimately the most realistic fps game out there, that is including Battlefield and the Call Of Duty franchises. I kind of feel sad for the developers, because there is not much of a fanbase and everyone feels like they have ripped them of because this game is only $15 when they are expecting it to be $80.It also runs on the source engine, so the graphics might seem bad but it means that it can run on almost any computer!So, if you get a spare $15 pick this game up ASAP, it will be worth your money for hours and hours of fun!
So good. One of the best action games I've played. Requires strategy and keeps you in for hours on end with it's captivating music to it's colourful block! I recommend you get this on PC and on your Ipod, Iphone and Ipad no matter what the cost is. It also comes with 40 levels of DLC (downloadable content) completely FREE! Why haven't you got this yet??!
Game crashes constantly with a black screen, no idea how to fix it either. Considering even the game devs have told us to mess around with the config file it leads me to believe that this game was not well prepared at all. They need crash fixes and until then I don't think I can fully recommend this game. The beta was fine, just not the full released version.
I've never cried so much over a video game ever. 10/10 would cry again ;~;
Hitman Absolution is about a Hitman doing contracts to kill people. This game has a beautiful art style and requires strategy and stealth throughout the game. Even though I got this game when it was on sale I would say it is definitely worth more than $24.99 I would buy it for $60. If you have some spare cash I would recommend this game for you to get. 10/10
Best RPG game yet. With it's range of characters to it's enchanted weapons I would say it goes above and beyond the other franchises of RPG's. Even though the animation style looks childish, it is way off. Well to sum it all up, I would rate this game a 9 and a half out of 10. But even thought I bought it when it was $4.99 It is worth way more than $20. So if you have some spare cash I would recommend you get this game ASAP.
