My thoughts on the newly released Call of Duty: Black Ops III.The game itself is new, and with that being said, it has a lot of new content added to it compared to older Call of Duty games.Whilst we're on the topic of it being new, it's having a bit of trouble running on higher(and lower)-end Hardware, struggling to keep stable frames at 60 with constant stuttering and just random drops.My hardware isn't the strong suit right now, so I'm running absolutely everything on low, keeping a stable 60.I've noticed severe dips into mid 30's and along with that, severe 1 second stutters that ruin my experience and as well as my score in-game.The game itself has some fairly decent mechanics added to the mix, with wall running to afterburner sliding into your enemies and into cover, different classes so you can choose your specialty and a little more favour in the stealth side of things. It has come a long way from the original Black Ops, but same to say, it still has a long way to go.The multiplayer is a solid experience, different game modes and tons of new achievements that'll just keep you entertained and hungering for more for hours upon hours, the leveling system has been somewhat modified so it is increasingly harder to level. The only thing that particularly bothered me whilst playing Multiplayer 6v6 were the hitboxes, spraying and even ADS didn't manage to do enough damage to enemies whilst they outplay me when you've probably done more than enough to kill them, just didn't make sense. But I'm sure time will fix it.I've stuck to Hardcore mode because it became a little more easier for my playstyle and at the same time, a lot more difficult.Zombies has a long way to go in my honest opinion, the first Map is quite the challenge when it comes to solo. No difficulty adjustment like BO2 either. I tried giving Public Zombies a go and the lobby of 3 other people I was supposed to be queued with turned out to be another 11 people in the lobby when there is ONLY supposed to be 4 max, I didn't like that, especially on release. So Public matched Zombies isn't a thing for me, yet. I've tried queueing multiple times and I always get a big lobby, whenever it tries to connect to the game it just kicks everyone from the lobby because of the increase in people.The campaign is a nice platform right now, just like in any other Call of Duty game. It has the storyline, the twist, and the ending. It's definitely taken a turning point from BO2 in every aspect of the game, just with so many more mechanics and twists. I still haven't gotten into it yet but time will come as I upgrade my PC so I can enjoy the experience that little bit more from increasing texture quality and AA.Overall, the game seems relatively complete, it still has a lot of work to do.I'd rate this game a solid 7/10. I enjoyed the hours I've put into it, it was an entertaining few. I'm just going to wait for the DLC and see what that has in store for the game.
This game is great. I love it.
Very fun game, entertaining also, and it's FREE!
