Day 1:I spawned In the middle of thick woods, saw a guy getting chewed on by a wolf, prolly AFK since he didnt do anything. After punching a wolf to death with a flashlight I went on to locate a mountain. At the top I found 4 guys chasing a deer with axes and fists, after helping them in the deer chase (we yelled -YOU CAME TO THE WRONG NEIGHBOURHOOD ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- the entire time as we chased it) and eventually axing the poor doe to bits for some venison and a deer bladder we cheered like sandpeople from star wars for a brief moment. I continued back around the mountain through what seemed like endless woods until I heard a loud noise coming from the sky. The dreaded Air Drop was on it-'s way. Whatever luck there was with me at the time seems to have worked as the Air Drop was deployed dead above my head (no ♥♥♥♥, I didnt even call it in), a minute later the drop landed in the middle of water shattering into a small crate and some 10 zombies stacked atop one another. Being almost unarmed I dropped my balls and ran for my life only to realize that zombies were not interested in me, they were content with performing acrobatic acts with one another that would quialify them for olympics. By then 3 other people ran towards the crate and got the attention of the cirque du soleil troupe. As they tried to disperse them around to gain access to the crate with lewt I did the impossible. Using my rambo bush crawling tactics i snuck up to the crate and began to open it. It took 10 seconds to open it but once it did i was graced with an AR15, a belt pouch, a tan backpack and a syringe. Hallelujah I thought to myself, I finally have a gun and am no longer simply fresh meat for whatever is hungry. But what about the 3 poor souls that used an Air Drop ticket to get absolutely nothing AND have had one of their own die while i hoarded their belongings (legal theft is awesome isn-'t it). I realized that without the gun or any extra space they are sure to be doomed. As the female in the group approached me yelling -GIVE ME BACK MY DEAD BOYFRIEND-'S STUFF- I realized how much of a lowly human being I was when i resorted to the cheapest tactic known to man to gain benefit for myself at the expense of another person-'s life. I had to do the right thing... I turned around and sincerely apologized to the surviving 2 members of the group with 2 carefully placed .223 shots, and 8-11 rapidly repeated crouch animations above each of the dying players-' heads . And then I couldn-'t hear anything, serenity has settled in and peace was a possibility once again.Day 2:Since my life began in H1Z1 world I have learned something VERY important, placing landmines outside someone-'s shack tends to -irritate- players. I mean it isn-'t my fault they didnt try to disarm the landmine they could have never expected to be outside their safe haven. Yet I still get people messaging me through steam calling me scum of earth and all that, even though I just taught them a very important lesson, ungrateful louts.Day 3: Cooked 3 doses of crack...
First of all disregard time played, I have been playing this game from the moment it entered the Closed Beta.Game ModesWell where to begin. At this point in time Survarium has several PvP modes available for you to play.First up is Scavenge, in this mode 2 teams of 8 players start must sniff around the map for batteries,these spawn in random but fairly predictable locations around the map, some will be out in plain sight,and some close to or within the anomaly( I will get to this later) on the map. These must be picked upand delivered to a charging station located close to your spawn and indicated on the map, while carryingyou are 100% vulnerable, unable to spring or perform any functions aside from moving, jumping and beingable to drop the battery. There are a total of 10 of them all around the map and you need to have moreon your team-'s side to win. Mind you while this sounds simple it is much more complicated than that,as batteries can be STOLEN by the enemy and vice versa, a common and rather sour strategy is to collecta -safe- amount of batteries, usually 6 or +2 of whatever the enemy has, and when the countdown reacheslow like 10 - 20 seconds depending on the map, people just rush the enemy charger and unplug all batteries.Next mode is Charging Stations, in this mode instead of locating the batteries several charging stations areplaced within the environment, these randomly but once again fairly predictably spawn a single battery whichmust be taken to your charging station, once the first battery is spawned they begin spawning subsequently roughlyonce every 30 seconds.Third and the most recently added mode is Research, I personally do not like this mode and avoid it, so go findinfo on it somewhere else.Last but not least is your traditional Team Deathmatch, no batteries, just pure old fashioned bloodshed with 150spawn tickets for each team and 15 minutes of time, whichever runs out first.FeaturesSurvarium can be played in several different ways, much like the majority of modern day shooters you have accessto a rather impressive arsenal of weapons and gear, and decent customization to both. At this stage the guns cannotbe messed with, ie silencers scopes etc, but that will be added at some point in time. The outfitting customizationhowever is most impressive, different types of clothing Feet/Legs/Chest/Hands/Face/Head/Back, of these Chest and Headcan have changeable cloth types and camo types as well up to 2 player placed decals. You can basically blend into almostanything in the game if you know how to do it right, and if not moving you can be a pain in the ♥♥♥ to see, and locate.While most people think -Ohhh f**king campers everywhere- allow me to assure you that it is not the case as the guns beingso goddam lethal if you know where to shoot a sniper is rarely stationary, moving place to place as the sound alone willattract every enemy within half the map-'s radius. That pretty much covers the basic stuff. And then there are things likeTraps, Explosives, Anomalies and Artifacts, oh and soon Mutants. At this point in time the only trap is the Bear Trapwhich, if stepped on, will 9/10 times break your legs and cripple you, as well as take a third of your hp, oh and make youbleed too, if carefully placed, 2 or 3 traps can be triggered at the same time for an amplified effect, 2 traps will putyou into critical condition and make you vulnerable to one hits from most guns, 3 traps will kill you instantly, at lowerlevels in the game that ammount is less with 2 traps being a killer and a single one being a crippler. Combine these withSmoke Grenades (damn the effect in this game is really GOOD) and you have yourself one helluva an advantage knowing wherethe traps are. Grenades at this point is the only explosive, BUT, holy ♥♥♥♥ is it good, you can run and hide from thembut if cooked to perfection only an activated Onyx artifact has a small chance of saving you, you will still be bleedingfrom every single body part there is and will need medical attention. The Anomalies in this game are present on mostbut not every map, Cologne Bridge for example does not have Anomalies and therefore does not have Artifacts. Anomaliesare either Gaseous, Radioactive, Toxic and Electric in nature, each one will affect you differently and at different speedsdepending on your outfitting, with some requiring only a small amount of protection to enter, you will use antitoxins90% of the time when you are interracting with one, these help you live through the anomaly without dying in seconds.Once inside one you will gradually take anomaly damage, this is indicated by the visual change on the screen, everythingwill begin to shift in colors and focus ranges as well as tube like vision effects, basically like some good ACID. Oncethis reaches a certain point you will die in a blink of an eye regardless of HP. So WHY would one seek entry in such atreacherous place? 2 reasons, one being the fact that anomalies are cleverly placed, they are usually blocking off thefastest/safest path to the enemy base or otherwise cut off access to certain locations, and then there are Artifacts.These little bad boys are a real gamechanger, there is a total of 6 different types of artifacts with different passiveand active effects to complement a variety of playstyles. From damage reducting Onyx or movement enhancing Spring tomy personal favourite the Sponge, which soaks up anomaly damage passive, and can be thrown in a form of a toxic gasgrenade. Best part of it, the passive AND active effects can all stack, both with one another and with themselves.Aside from that there your obvious med kits and bandages and items called -Rations-, these occupy one equipment slotand are consumed at the start of the round, giving the user a solid boost to a certain factor of the game, dependingon what you ate. They are however rather costly, especially for newbies, so I suggest you stay away until you have amil silver floating around unused.SettingSurvarium is set in a world where mother nature has had enough of your ♥♥♥♥, and decided to give us humans the boot upthe ♥♥♥ and kicked us out of cities and homes while casually murdering the majority of human population. Once she-'d hadenough people began to emerge and blah blah blah blah and you know, now we wanna kill each other because there is nothing todo and the world is a complete sausage-fest. The environment around you is overgrown and ravaged by nature, grass is up toyour nuts, some trees reach to the skies, and buildings are now just a gloom, pale and lifeless memory of what once wasour home, and when no guns are firing the sound of clarity fills the air. From distant birds to the sound of wind crossingthe halls of a School. In short, the atmosphere is nothing short of breathtaking, the sounds just bleeds into the atmospheremaking you feel like you are really there. All that, generously painted with Vostok-'s very own engine, designed specificallyfor this purpose.These are the biggest points of the game, everything mentioned above is the -Good-. Now we move onto the -Bad-.Like many other online shooters the game suffers from ping. At this point in time there are no Oceanic servers, whichmakes it painful to enjoy the game, but with proper configs I was able to achieve playable ping and could kick ♥♥♥ atleast half the time. The game is VERY ping dependent, so if you are not close to the currently available servers I suggestto not play until there domestic servers near you, as high ping will CERTAINLY ruin your experience.Then there is a very big question of Pay To Win. Some would say that the game is completely free, other people will saythat it-'s P2W. I think it is neither. On one hand you have the choice to play for free, you will have access to everythingthere is in game, except for purchaseable camos/decals
A must have game for anyone who likes large scale 3-way warfare. Everything except cosmetics is earnable within game with a bit of effort, but a single month's sub is worth the money while you pop unlocks left and right. Easy to get started and grows on you fast
So I got this after my friend told me to download it and play with him, our relationship will never be the same. After getting off this and purging my drive I went to use the toilet. It was a big one, and after good 2 solid minutes of pain trying to force this monster out I was done. After I wiped the sweat off my face and the dags off my hairy ♥♥♥ I stared at my creation for a very brief moment. And right there and then is when I realized that even tho this was a rather unpleasant experience (taking an arm sized ♥♥♥♥ that is) it was still a far better experience than trying this *cough* game.TLDR:Graphics like its 2003.Controls like a grampa with parkinsons.Next to no customization options in terms of gameplay controls, no crouch (so 2015) as an example.May have actually given me cancer...0/10 would not touch this with a 10-foot internet pole held by someone else.
Gimp controls, graphics from back in 2001, horrid handling, worst business model i have EVER seen, zero team balance, ♥♥♥♥ guns that sound the same and are simply rehashes of previous guns with better stats, pay to win pay to win pay to win and pay to ♥♥♥♥ing win. Also the game is ♥♥♥♥ing broken to death with bugs. Oh and there you have NUMBERS, it doesnt matter that a person was shot in the head, he only took 59 damage, but he has 120 hp so it means he MUST SURVIVE, what the ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ is this mess?
When I die, I wanna be reborn as a shark. That is all
From the Store Page: 'Infestation is a Survival Horror MMO that immerses players in a zombie-infested, post-apocalyptic world in which a viral outbreak has decimated the human population leaving in its wake, a nightmare of epic proportion.-The game itself however is....... a nightmare of epic proportions
