Red Orchestra 2: Heroes of Stalingrad / Rising Storm GOTYPros:- Immersion, immersion, immersion- No biased point of view ( A rare thing in WWII games )- Good gameplay- Good AIMany people have commented on this game being a -PTSD Simulator-. This claim is far from unjustified. This game is super-immersive ( Even more so when using the Immersion Overhaul Simulator - http://steamcommunity.com/groups/IOMMODplayers ). Realistic graphics, along with good ballistics, suppression affects and an amazing atmosphere of constant danger give this game an edge over other WWII games of the genre.No biased Point of View is another big tick for me. No more evil Germans or unbalanced mechanics that impact how the Germans play. This is a big step forward and a great way of seeing how the front was ACTUALLY LIKE. No more of the lies made up about the Germans by the victors.Gameplay strives to be as realistic as possible, while also catering to beginners. Most weapons take one shot to kill, but are balanced by accuracy and weapon sway, etc. Tank gameplay is extremely impressive with full internal views and great combat elements.The AI are not easy to say the least. They are only slightly less competent than a human player. There are also always servers with lots of bots to practice with.Cons:- Flamethrowers...- Banned From SessionFlamethrowers on this game are fairly unbalaced - and only one nation, the US, gets them. They can be taken out from range, but will take down several people before dying. Not the biggest issue, but definitely something to look out for.There is a possibility that you will be banned from a server for the rest of a session (battle) for having high ping. There is no proper way of fixing this, just join servers with good connection unless you want to take your chances on other servers.*P.S: I play on Oceania ( servers and setups may vary )
This is an incredibly relaxing game featuring an amazing soundtrack and great gameplay. A must for people who just want to relax. But like most games it has its flaws. It gets a little repetative but then again, I am not a peaceful kind of person. 9/10
IL-2 Sturmovik: Battle of Stalingrad is a challenging but oddly addictive game in my opinion. It is a matter of practice when it comes to mastering the feel of an aircraft when you just came from other World War Two flight games such as War Thunder and Wings of Prey, as I am. It can be a very challenging experience to figure out the expert difficulty, but as long as enough time is spent testing the capabilities of the controls and the plane itself, anyone can play this game (within reason).*EDIT - 14/09/15I have encountered problems that others should be aware of when buying this game. The Logitech Extreme 3D Pro Joystick NO LONGER WORKS FOR THIS GAME. I have tried to get it to register properly but nothing seems to work. It is a shame that this issue has arisen and I hope a solution comes soon as I look forward to playing this game again.
First off, the customisation of characters is extremely limited, with three different shirts, pairs of shoes and hairstyles (The difference between hairstyles is colour), which dissappointed me greatly, but wasn't a game breaker. My friend and had a laugh with the emotes and the quite feminine dancing, but it would have been better if the same song wouldn't repeat as we played the same difficulty level. The walking in the lobby is clunky and unresponsive making moving difficult. The music isn't great, but it isn't bad. The main gameplay is difficult to say the least. You have to practice several times at least to get the average beat. Some levels are impossible however, such as 10 star, which I don't believe is meant to be finished.Overall I would rate this game 6/10 as it is, but dancing enthusiasts may rate it higher. More work must be done to make this game complete.
A fun game to play with friends, with strategic elements that need to be paid attention to, but are easy to control, even for new players. The game becomes slow as it progresses, so make sure you have some time on your hands for extended play sessions. Either way a great buy. Even better with DLC if you can spare the money.
As much as I would do anything to like this game, it just isn't possible in its current state.Pros:- Realism and overall immersionImmersion:As a World War II history enthusiast, especially the history of armoured vehicles, I was excited to use my favourite weapons and vehicles in a fun but immersive environment. It is true, the environment and the atmosphere is tense and realistic - but not fun.Cons:- Pay to win (Not as much as other games but still noticable)- Bad optimisation- Bad matchmaking system and vehicle pairing- No Asian/Oceania servers (Though could probably afford it thanks to the first con)Microtransactions:There is so much paid content in this game and a heavy reliance on purchasing premium currency to progress without sprending countless hours to unlock a new weapon or vehicle, before spending even longer earning the money for the overpriced weapons.Optimisation:No matter what I do, I can't help but find myself suffering from immense performance issues, despite graphics settings.Matchmaking:As I mentioned earlier the environment is not a fun one. This game seems overly biased towards the Allied powers, and the matchmaking of armoured vehicles in particular is complete trash. I recently purchased my Jagdpanzer 38t (Hetzer) Medium Tank Destroyer. I took it into battle for the first time before being spawn-camped by M4A3E8 Shermans and M18 Hellcats, both of which were not widely used against Hetzers. In fact, my vehicle cannot even penetrate the front of the Sherman, which were well known as lightly armoured tanks (If they were M4A3E2 Jumbos it would make sense, but ir wouldn't be historically accurate - again).Asia/Oceania Server:Non-existent. There seems to be a fairly large community of players in the Asia and Oceania regions, who both have to deal with locally-hosted Skirmishes and nothing else. War battles are dominated by American and European players and so the servers have several hundred ping (300 approx.).Overall Thoughts:This game looks promising but is incredibly dissappointing. If these issues are fixed I will consider coming back to this game. I rate it a 5/10 unless you are a Mr or Mrs Moneybags who can stuff the developers' bank accounts with cash.
An enjoyable experience for those looking for a game where they can combine the efforts of aviation and army in an action packed multiplayer environment. If you can get passed the highly debated Russian bias and are not concerned about putting in quite a few hours, you can learn alot about different aircraft and have a lot of fun in the process. There has been a bumpy road in the history of the development of this game, from crashes, to rendering bugs and graphical exploits. Most of this has been fixed with the introduction of the latest version of the Dakor engine, bringing new and more realistic looking tank models to the game, along with Nvidia waveworks - both have contributed to the game becoming much more immersive.My advice for new players who want to get a good look at what there is to offer, without starting at the crappy end (Arcade Battles - especially tanks) start off in Realistic if you feel up to the challenge. Arcade may be necessary for new individuals to get used to approximating distances and ranging. More XP, money and a greater respect for the finer elements with follow.In it's high moments, this game sits at an 8/10 for enjoyment.
A fun and hectic co-op shooter, that can be a walk in the park, or be challenging and tedious, depending on what difficulty you play, and your playstyle - sticking together is essential. Destroy your anger as you satisfyingly rip through hordes of the infected with melee weapons, try your marksmanship with the rifles, and test your resilience in defence sections.Be warned! If you don't play with friends your experience will be hindered, as the AI's prescence won't be felt, but surviving with three friends can lead to a heroic last stand as they escape, and leave you for dead...Very fun, 9/10.
A fun strategy game with decent graphics, good gameplay and easy progression. The campaign is there, though I have found that playing multiplayer with friends, both competitively and coop, makes up the majority of this game.
This game is extremely fun. The story isn't amazing, it is rather mediocre, but this game makes you feel great when you pull off shots - especially on Sniper Elite Difficulty. A word of warning to those who buy this game. DO NOT USE ANY SUPER-SAMPLING. It takes away frames like nothing else. I personally run everything on Ultra/Max without super-sampling at around 120 FPS with a 2GB R9 270 Graphics Card and a Quad Core A8 5600K Processor
