YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS! THANK ♥♥♥♥! IT HAPPENED! ♥♥♥♥ YOU CENSORED VERSION! ♥♥♥♥ YOU! Years and years have passed, the community has died, the violence in this game suffered from the ♥♥♥♥ that was Australia's rating system, but ♥♥♥♥ IT! IT'S UNCENSORED NOW!
One of the greatest games/mods ever created, if not the best. A ♥♥♥♥ tonne of fun and if you have a fun, crazy imagination and get used to the mechanics of this game, you're going to have a blast building new inventions using items off of valve games. And if inventing isn't your strong suit, never fear, it has a load of game modes such as Prop Hunt and Trouble in Terrorist Town to suit your gaming needs. Garry's Mod gets a solid 10/10.
Oh dear oh dear oh dear, i'm so glad this game was only 40c when i bought it because it is definitley a stinking pile of dog doo doo. The controls are easy enough to get the hang of, but the story is like something from a Kevin Kostner movie, oh wait, it is. It's the ♥♥♥♥♥ier version of Water World. The voice acting is so damn atrocious it's actually funny. The characters are cliche and the cutscenes have objects randomly floating arond your character as if they're possessed. Don't buy this game, unless you're bored and want to have a good laugh, in that case, go right ahead and buy this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t space waster. Game: 1/10, comedic value 10/10. (If you're gonna have a British voice actor for the main character, don't make her sound like she's hopped up on drugs and alcohol)
Pretty fun game. Creates a good tense atmosphere. Really want a map in a city like Barlow Park where every building and room is accessible, don't care how small the map is, just a block of enterable buildings and this game will have the perfect map and have a perfect atmosphere. Few glitches here and there, but other than that, really good game to get immersed in.
You shoot nazis in the head in slow motion as well as x-ray cam. How can you not be satisified?
'Murica is calling...
