This Game, is absolutely worth whatever money you are paying forDuring your time here you will be sent to time where swords and bows were powerful, and magic reignedThe main story line is long enough yourself, but once its finished, there are more than 100 side quests for you to complete, keeping you busy for quite a whileALL in ALL this game is worth buying, it will keep you busy for a while and is just generally fun to play
this story, had me angry, happy, sad, the end of the fifth episode made me pace my house like a ♥♥♥♥. honestly for those familiar with the Game of Thrones story, takes place during the final parts of the Red Wedding, a story of, love, pain, betrayal, and power. As i stated before, better be familiar with the game of thrones story if you want the maximum joy out of it, but none the less, its a yes for me, had me clenching my buttcheecks at some point harder then i usually do, 6 episodes, each last around 2 hours, so its a decent size, the ending has left it open for another season so expect more fresh memes from this story.
played for 2 hrs at the time of review;certainly a fun little game, wiht the ability to create quite alot of basic things, advanced things and recreate medieval weaponry (also a lot of male items IF YOU CATCH MY MEANING) for example, you could simply make a tower ♥♥♥♥ full of cannons and just shoot them and finish, or you could make an elaborate machine that can plow through enemies wiht ease and still be able to bomb a house, or just make a flying ♥♥♥♥ but you know.Whilst this is still EARLY ACCESS at the time it is quite full of potential, with the addition of like 5 more islands to come soon (there is only one island at this point and it actually gives a fair variety) there is still room for massive bloodbaths and massive castle destructionHonestly for $7, it is worth itA WORD TO THE DEVS; you could put more weapons in, more blocks, and just more building, a tutorial on the flying mechanic (it is a bit confusing, like what do most of this stuff do?) you could put some base vehicles in their, so as a base, you could have a vehicle without weapons and let players mess around with it, or even just make an actual vehicle and let people play with it
A Brilliant Game, Stunning Visuals, and a pretty good story line. Only problem? it suffers from repetitivity, not so much as to say dont buy it its $hit, it is actually quite good. The combat is fairly smooth, of course with a few flaws. With the option of allowing you to take on sidequests, help random strangers as you find them or even just continue on with tvehe storyline, hell you can even just run around and smash some skulls in. continuing the reptitivity, it only shows in the missions, of course going backwards ad forwards constantly is annoying, not saying that about half way through the game you want to give up on it because your bored, but its kind of a necessary repetitive, what makes it great is that it continues to surprise you, mainly becasue you will never know what lurks around the corner.... dis gem is gud i lyked it 7/10 would bang
