Right at the moment of writing this review, I have BF4, GTA5 and Crysis3 waiting for me to play. Yet I am playing this game. I know this is unfinished but the potential of what this game could become is epic. Imagine DayZ minus the extreme clunkiness and a shooter capability and ease of use like CoD or CS. Voice chat, base building and bandits included.If you are not against early access, or even if you are, this is one of three games worth spending money on. The others being DayZ and Starbound.UPDATE: Recent patch has ruined gameplay as the night cycle has gotten longer due to a new lighting engine. But this does not effect players with the gamma cheat on their physical monitors. Battles overnight has completely turned pro gamma cheaters. Getting killed at night is now a much higher possibility.
UMM NO. Seriously! Im an AAO2 gamer for years and Classic AAO2 is still the best.
Im a veteran CS gamer since Classic CS 1.4. I hated many gameplay decisions since 1.6 including the dreaded Steam requirement(2003), Tactical shield(1.6), not being able to remove the silencer instantly with weapon swapping, and recently, the one I regard the worst decision ever; the removal of the MP5 and Spray Tag(CS GO). Players are now left with T-bagging corpses.The current players are riddled with hackers here and there and mostly play on the competitive matches. These players have hacks which include wall hacks, aimbots, no-flash/smoke, etc...Hackers never get vote kicked because they are mostly carrying their team while typical non-hacking kids get instant vote kicks as soon as they push their mic button.Counterstrike is around 15 years old as of this review and Valve have not locked down the hacking problem compared to many many other shooters. There are only 2 hackless places that exist; tournaments and internet cafes that actively sue walk-in hackers.-----------On the other hand, CS gameplay have not changed and remain smooth and swift, spotting have grown more difficult as player textures blend better within terrain textures since CS Source. The inclusion of party search let you find games with friends but the classic auto balance fail on normal matches as parties of 3 or more get split over the two teams. The workshop is a great addition for instant map download and gaming but Steam accessibility and quality have always been sub par. Its like comparing Facebook and Google Plus; one is obviously designed by penguins but everyone is on it, while the other has class and quality but nobody uses it.- All in all, CS:GO is worth the nostalgic visit. But if you plan to stay, buy it on a new Steam account on a computer that you will never use your main account on, download those hacks, and join the competitive matches.- I would not recommend this game due to one single persistent con; the enormous amount of direct effect hacking activity.Oh and if valve say that they have banned many hackers, its because they have. But also because they want you to feel that its now safe to play.
Absolutely worth the 'unique' experience especially if you have other friends to play with. The fear of getting stuck on your way to an objective or during a haul makes it a hell of a lot more enjoyable than your typical driving simulator.And the mud! OMG I could eat this mud. XD
The game starts off with a black screen and nothing else. There is no developer support as the developer no longer exists. I had to edit config files to play the game in window mode. The game played well all the way through to the end. Without a walkthrough, the game is ridiculously complicated. I would recommend this only if you like puzzle games and use a walkthrough when needed.
Welcome to the Hype Train! B-ish grade video. But the Hype Train is definitely not lonely. :)
First of all, this is a monthly budget program. So... 12 columns a year. This can make things quite difficult if you have weekly income and weekly payments which I do.Now with that said, on to the good news. Instead of constantly looking at your bank balance to figure out how much money you have left every week/month, YNAB helps you by giving you and your money an aim. So If you are trying to save up for something, you can see right there in front of you how much you need and which area you could spend less on to get to your objective quicker.Ive been riding my bank balance for 15+ years. Ive aimed at saving up for many things. Very few I managed to save up for and most of what I buy are by impulse constantly looking at how much money I have left. Ive only used YNAB for a week and can already notice the difference. If something is as important as saving for next month's monthly expenses, I just add it to YNAB and add money to it each week.Ever think of going to work because you are 'doing it for the money' and a minute later you figure out that you would just spend that money on crap anyway? Well instead, you can actually tell yourself that you can work those hours for something important. YNAB makes it clear on what you are going to work for.Definitely Recommending...
MUST GET DEFINITELY! If you are after a shooter for all kinds of skilled players, then this is it. NS2 is a classic style high speed shooter with a strategy twist. Think of Starcraft merged with CoD. Fast paced and epic. And it looks goooood!
Its no Cod and its no BF3. But Its definitely a shooter thats missing on everyone's favourites.
