Since the latest content removal patch, I can no longer recommend this game or, in fact, any other Rockstar game.
This game has always been hit and miss. When it worked, it was quite enjoyable, when it didn't, it was rage-inducing. However, Overkill has clearly made producing DLC and their respective trailers the priority over fixing game-breaking bugs and imbalances. Stat-boosting DLC is the straw that broke the camel's back, IMO. I hope most of you are strong enough to vote with your wallet and boycott Overkill games until they rectify this problem.EDIT: It would actually be Starbreeze calling the shots here, so the boycott should extend to any future titles produced under the Starbreeze umbrella.
As a long-time player and collector of Total War games, I am extremely disappointed with the direction this company has taken. This game is incomplete without buying all the DLC, the cost of which almost amounts to that of the game itself. Upon entering the game you are pestered with notifications to buy the rest of the game and it is this fact that irks me the most. It is like you have spent 80 bucks for a demo. It saddens me to say I won't be buying the next Total War, I'm done after this plus the fiasco that was Shogun 2.TL;DR: $79.95 (Initial Purchase, Basically a demo) + $64.93 (DLC) = $144.88 for a steaming pile of ♥♥♥♥ (Rome II).
It-'s not often that I am driven to post a negative review of a game, but when a publisher thinks it-'s okay to add paid DLC to an almost 5-year-old game, in the form of a -blood pack-, it makes my blood boil. This is not a ♥♥♥♥ing TOTAL WAR game, SEGA! Learn how to treat a community before you become irrelevant for a second time!
- Incompatible with FRAPS (will not even start)- Poor performance even on a high-end PC- Water refraction is glitchy- Multiplayer is unusableNeed I say more?
This game is the first FPS I played. I was terrible at shooting games back then and my friend would always beat me. I still had loads of fun though. Although the community isn't as large as it used to be, it has matured and isn't full of 12-year-old boys, hackers, griefers and de-rankers, as featured in CS:GO. It is still a quality game and I recommend it, if for no other reason than to experience the evolution of Counter-Strike.
Don't bother with this piece of crap. Hasn't been fun since 2008.
As a Total War fan, this game was disappointing. It contained a poor set of historical battles, a limited range of units and no story-based campaign. The game can be somewhat enhanced by purchasing the FOTS DLC, and in my view, was intentionally made feature poor to force customers to buy the rest of the game to find any great enjoyment.
Every time I come back to this game I am reminded why I uninstalled it. Over 50% of the players are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Do not waste your time with this.
