Facts:- There are two halves to the game- The first half of the game is primarily dating and getting to know each NPC- You play as a 15 year old Japanese girl who is trying to establish some form of a relationship with each character in the game- You will lose if you fail to establish anything solid with any character by the end of a -term-- The second half of the game adds a lot of context to the game- There is a save state function (which is really helpful for completionists)- There are some spelling and grammatical errors with some subtle character scripts (as of writing this review and finishing this game) - Grammar Nazis stay away from this game- This game is mainly text based with scripted RPG elements, lots of reading is involved - non-bookworms and COD kiddies beware- Graphics are static images which little to no animation- Character models are two dimensional imagesOpinions:- Replayability is high as every playthrough seems to add more depth to the whole game- Some character endings are a little tricky to obtain (in relation to achievements)- Very well written story, I reckon anyways- The first part of the story is long and can quite easily lose you, but is rewarding when you arrive at the second half of the game- Music is interesting, built the atmosphere up quite well- Game is made well and hence rarely crashes. However, in the eleven hours that I have played, issues I experienced were: script lines overflowing, saves not loading properly, overlapping texts, multiple option textboxes overriding the default layout, subtle music track changeover issue and the dreaded blank screens. However most of these issues were resolved by reloading the game and/or rebooting the game- At the time of this review, the trading cards go for approximately 20 cents per pieceTLDR: Overall, I started this game with very unrealistic negative bias towards the game as I thought it would be a dating sim and just like every other dating sim that I HAVE READ ABOUT, its about a protagonist who ends up with ALL the NPCs. However six hours in, I was proven right...AND wrong as there is much more to THIS avian/human dating sim that meets the eye. I would say if you love to immerse yourself in story and like reading a lot then this is a game for you. Or if you really enjoy anime/manga or gimmicky games, this is also for you.
-Holmes: Awakened- is a fairly strange story, because of its themes, and its characters.At least Becker-'s in it...You know, Becker, that show with the passive aggressive doctor? Nevermind. You-'ll understand when you-'re older.The game starts with you trying to solve the disappearance of a man-'s servant. From here, the game takes off, like when Mr. Arneson-'s hand was carried off by a raccoon. Yup, it actually happened in-game.For a start, you get use what I like to call Holmes Vision; A standard feature carried in future Holmes games.Basically, you press Shift and the screen highlights all the interactable elements available in the overworld.No more scavenging for cloths, dirt and related objects! Just press the button and pick up the stuff.Thematically, the game has various elements that differentiate it from previous games. For example, at one stage, you need to investigate a mental asylum for crucial clues. You meet a variety of...-interesting- characters, who help you in odd ways to help you gain access around the asylum.Not only do the characters give off their own vibe of individuality, but the Cthulu themes sure make the game ever so cryptic. Especially at the end. And that man who -- let-'s just say -chewed more than he could swallow-.So, characters are certainly novel, especially the disciples of The One, with their dillusional dialogue and behaviours (one guy was a cannibal). Other characters, like Lucy-'s employer, have certain quips and remarks that make them more memorable than others.Interface is also an improvement, as they-'ve included -teleportation- feature as valid travelling (unless a cutscene is required somewhere), which works by selecting a place on the map, and travelling there instantly. Plus, all dialogue between Holmes and Watson is recorded down, so you can save at a crucial moment, exit and return playing while knowing what to do. Revolutional! I found this was a major issue back in -Holmes & the Silver Earring-, as I-'d spend about 10 minutes trying to find out what I was doing last play session.Also, they-'ve included an in-game guide, so whenever you get stuck horribly, you got some help nearby.Very handy for some of the trickier puzzles. The good thing is that you can choose how much of the guide to look at, so if you want a small hint in the right direction, you can get a small peek at the solution process by clicking on the arrow a small number of times.Watson is also a spooky character, sometimes.Like, I-'m walking around Arneson-'s house, opening doors. And BOOM. Watson-'s standing right there on the other side, looking straight at me. Scary sometimes, but you-'ll get used to it. Hopefully.In summary, a great improvement means a greater rating of 8/10. -Holmes: Nemesis- actually references this game when Barnes is found struggling on the floor, and Watson explains that it might be the book they found in this game to be the cause.
This game is not a game you-'d want to spend $10 on. If it ever goes on special, it-'s still a questionable game.So, this game was made a long time ago, which explains its quality. So, if you-'re into classic puzzles with little to no direction to the next part, sure, this is for ye.But if you-'re like me, and prefer the finer arts of -Holmes vs. Ripper-, -Holmes Awakened- or -Holmes: Nemesis-, than this is most certainly not for you.Having said that, let-'s get straight into it.So, apparently your cousin wants you to solve her father-'s disappearance or something like that.Sounds reasonable, until you find out Watson will not be there to help you.Immediately, I think one of two thoughts:- -Lazy programmers want to save on character models-- -Builds suspense with only one character-The main rant is the puzzles.A lot of the time, you will ask yourself -Great, I-'ve done that part. What now?-And a lot of the time, you will be bumbling around, searching desperately for clues, and then realising in the darkness was a cloth or related object you had to pick up.Even the very first puzzle, I nearly gave up, because the puzzle itself was that hard to find.Navigation is another weird aspect of the game. You click where there is a hand, and you go there.Problem is, I find this restricts a lot of the playability. If I want to walk around a room, I have to find a place where I can go to, the screen changes and I have to shift my screen view to where I wanted to go initially.Basically, really clunky navigation system. It gets better in -Holmes & the Silver Earring-, but MUCH better in the later games.And sometimes navigation actually becomes a painful, recurring puzzle in itself. Here-'s an excerpt of my thought process not far from the start of Level 3:-Okay, I-'ve got 2 keys and there-'s 2 doors. Hm, seems simple enough.-*tries both keys for both doors. None work*-Well, let-'s take a look around then for more keys...-*finds drawer, requiring 2 keys*-Great, this must be where I put these keys-*tries both keys, fails*-Fine, where is that last key...-*spends half an hour trying to get under a table*-OKAY, I-'ve got 3 keys, and 2 I can use to open the drawer. Sigh-*tries the 2 keys, drawer explodes and I lose the game*Yeah, that death animation doesn-'t make me feel any better about playing the game.Character development is barely present, since you only ever meet about 3 important characters in the game.A lot of indirect development is through the readings in the game, but it-'s just banter for the end explanation.Sometimes useful for solving puzzles, though.Interface is awful. I mean, no hotkeys? Come on. I guess for a game of its age, maybe acceptable.But still, I do want to read my clues while in a puzzle.And the voice acting for Holmes sounds like -an American with his nose blocked-. Maybe it was intended?So, is there anything remotely good about it, in my books?Well, the whiskey object looks like a cheap Jack Daniel-'s bottle from Google Images.But, I will say the most fun part about the game is going into the Steam files and changing some of the printed dialogue to make Holmes say silly things. It-'s a text file called -'msg-' or something related to -'messages-'.So you can make Holmes say -Ah, nuts. Another lousy puzzle- or -WATSON! I NEED YOU! *sobs*-. Good times.Overall, I can only give it a 4/10. Weak, but if you dig this kind of game style, good for you.But It was certainly the worst waste of 10 hours of my time so far.
