This cucking game is ♥♥♥♥ i cant believe i bought this game. I swear on me mom these memes that are produced by blizzard ruin this entire experience for hawkeye, if the network better housing then maybe it would be like gta 5 and league of legends however grammar is perfect in game and there are good people in the community that are really awesome and i respect that they play this game i rate this game 6/10 and would recommend
maplestory is a ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ that is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥. the ♥♥♥♥♥ game doesnt have enough swag for m y dad who gfave birth to my grandpa with the maplestory swag yolo. The game doesnt even ♥♥♥♥ing work for me cause of the ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ who gave me cancer with yolo slim shady. I dont like slim shady because its white with yellow ginger ale with the straw hat pirate such as ruffy and soro. Tom clancy and batman will beat the pink bean and sleeping dog chinese mafia will ♥♥♥♥ the triads in japan. We will never forget pearl harbour sho. You are the sickest ♥♥♥♥ in the world who eats whale and i maplestory. Maplestory is racist to japanese and muslim people because at nautilias has a ♥♥♥♥ing giant ♥♥♥ whale with bombs in it so it offends people who died at pearl harbour u ♥♥♥♥s. Thankyou for reading my review on storymaple.After further inspection of this game i have come to the conclusion that my ♥♥♥♥ was ripped out of my mothers ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ by zakum and his friends. After 1 day of intense diarrhea and gameplay my ♥♥♥♥ was circumcised by an african slave. im sorry mum please dont read this. After getting to level 50 my chinese side of my ♥♥♥♥ kicked in and shrinked at least 12 inches which means my ♥♥♥♥ is now 8 inches. Maplestory is a really fun game but i had no one to play with. I met some asian guy who was at least 60 years old who had a fetish for feet. I am now writing this review as a vietnamese immigrant is with my friend and probably playing this game. I traveled to the heaven after the undead dragon came back to life and ripped the anal plug from a japanese mans ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
