Hack, Slash, Loot, or -HSL-, looks charming at first with it-'s retro-style pixel art... until you realize that the gameplay is even more primitive. It is not an understatement to say that everything in this game either comes down to little more than random chance and comparing numbers. Combat is completely limited to clicking on an enemy until they die. That-'s it. No special moves, no abilities, no changing gear, nothing. Sure, depending on your weapon you either use melee, ranged or magic attacks, but unless you-'re fighting near a weapon drop you can-'t change on the fly, plus your character will usually specialize in one type so there-' very little reason to change unless you get VERY skewed consumable drops (more on that later). At best you can try to bottleneck enemies in doorways or tight coriidors to fight them one by one, or run away and hope you find something useful before you get surrounded, but that barely qualifies as -strategy-. And even then, you still have to hope that RNGesus is smiling down upon you. The item system is almost as primitive. Most of the time, it feels less like you are trying to decide which weapon or piece of armor to equip, and more like you-'re just comparing numbers (although special damage types such as the stunning Lighting do make things a little more interesting) As for consumables, you never know if a potion or w/e will help and/or hinder you, meaning once again it-'s entirely up to luck rather than any sort of choice or strategy if it help you.Oh, and there-'s no save system. At all.All in all, this game had a lot of potential, but instead the gameplay is comparable to banging your head against a wall while comparing helmets and popping pills that -might- make it hurt less. What this game needed was something, ANYTHING that might have made the gameplay more complex than dice rolling: Abilities/items to use in a pinch, swapping around weapons, etc etc: anything that would make success less dependant on how lucky you are. If you-'re at all thinking of picking up this title anyway, I highly recommend buying another game called One-Way Heroics instead, which in a nutshell is practically like this game with the improvements I just suggested, and at only somewhat more than half the price.
I really wanted to like this game, what with being a huge fan of the origianl, but I found myself screaming at the stupidity of the A.I. way too much to find this game entertaining past the first few levels. And since the only way to have any sort of control over the units is to plant reward signs over objectives, having competent A.I. is important, and yet Paradox managed to make the the -heroes- even dumber, greedier and shortsighted than in the original. Yes, I said greedier: Finding yourself wasting thousands of gold on glass cannon wizards because they repeatedly get tunnel vision and attempt to run past hordes of enemies for a pitiful bounty, only to act surprised when they-'re brutally mobbed, is nothing short of infuriating. Other times, heroes will ignore their homes being burnt to the ground because they-'re too busy buying new armor (and yes, in the original, they WERE capable of noticing when their home buildings were being attacked) or attempt to take on targets WAY above their league.Trial and error is a huge part of this game, which shouldn-'t be the case. Take the forth mission: I wouldn-'t have a problem with a massive dragon coming almost instantly to wreck havok to set the stage, but half the time it starts by immediately burning the buildings I just built to the ground, wasting huge amounts of my precious resources. And this was AFTER the narrator told me -be careful not to alert the dragon, or he-'ll attack you before you-'re prepared-... which turns out is complete misinformation because the brute comes after you immediately no matter what.Get the original. Don-'t touch this garbage.
Team based combat with nine very different classes, meaning you'll never get bored. Tired of headshotting noobs as the sniper? Go behind the enemy lines as the spy. Sick of mowing down enemies as the heavy? Be a team player as the medic and make your teamates temporarily invulnerable. Oh, and it's free, so there's really no excuse not to try this game out.
However, the combination of sloppy design and unrewarding gameplay quickly dissolved what enjoyment I was deriving from the otherwise gorgeous art style.Problems arise the moment you press a directional key to shoot your fireball projectles. Hit detection is unreliable, your range is rubbish and the sound for smacking an enemy in the face is almost exactly the same as your projectile puttering out fight in front of them: I found myself firing at a boss thinking -boy, this guy is really soaking up the hits- only to realize that half of my shots are either landing harmlessly in front of him or striking/passing through a section that apparently doesn-'t take damage (And no, we-'re not talking about bosses who can only be hurt in one vulnerable section). And don-'t get me started on the fast, unpredictable bosses who are hard enough to hit WITHOUT the crazy amounts of shots they fire out.Enemy/room balancing leaves a lot to be desired. The game uses a -lighting- mechanic which makes it hard to see very far: a nice gimmick, but incredibly annoying when faced with enemies with extremely fast projectiles that come with no warning in huge rooms, or traps that spring when you come vaguely close. The props dealt about rooms lends some aethetic charm, but at times are difficult to predict whether they-'ll block movement or projectles. My main bugbear are certain enemies that fire slow moving clouds in your general direction. Doesn-'t sound too bad? Wait until there-'s four of them in a tight room, and they-'re all huddled away in hidey holes that can only be shot at from one direction (which you can-'t reach because the clouds chase you away while your aforementioned rubbish range can-'t hit them), AND there-'s an extra enemy who-'s raining down chairs so you can-'t even stand in the sweet spots for two seconds.I like hard games. I don-'t like games that get their difficulty from tedious play and horrible controls. I want to fail for reasons that are my fault, not because I didn-'t want to spend two minutes in ONE room taking potshot at those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ entrenched smog ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, or because I couldn-'t tell all my shots were missing because there-'s no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ audio/visual difference between hitting and missing something, or because the game wants to be a bullet hell without polished, reliable mechanics.And to think some people accuse this game of being a Binding of Isaac ripoff. If only that were true...
