Thanks to all the gamemodes this game is like endless games.
This is the best free to play game in the world, download it
This game changed how I feel about RTS games. This game is my favorite and i'm counting all dlcs with it. I think they didn't do so good with dawn of war 2 but with the original they did it perfect. If you think that there is not enough units or building and other stuff then you can get the ultimate apocalypse mod for dawn of war: soulstorm. All in all This game is the best I have played so far.
great game any timeIt is much better if you play with friends and in a big battle with a lot of players
This game is damn good and even greater with friends
This games has smart story line, cool game machanics, fun game play, good graphics and this game is in my list of favourate games. Buy it if you like RTS games.
This game is very fun. All the races in this game are great.Tips to see which race you would most likely like:Eldar: If you feel like tricking people and giving surprises than going strate in the battle, this would be for you.Orks: If you think millions of units stricking as a swarm, This would be for you (waaagh)Space marines: If you like to move to places fast (deep striking) and having some backup when need, this is for you.Dark eldar: if you like collecing souls to build up abilitys you can use on the battle feild, this would be for you.Imperial Guard: if you feel like holding out in a area to slowly get your super weapon (baneblade), this would be for you.Tau: if you like letting melee troups charge in and having some ranged units at the back, this would be for you.Sisters of battle: if you feel like capturing points and slowly building holy powers, this would be for you.Necrons: If you feel like slowly building a strong slow army, This would be for you. (hint: have a friend to protect you if you want or you will get killed very early on)Chaos marines: if you feel like using dark powers and all tipes of demons, this would be for you.When you fine a race you fit in, this game gets even more fun. I love how the game creators made a race to fit everyones needs. (you can even like more than one race. For example: I love Tau and necrons.)Oh and if you want to play multiplayer with the race you like, find the game they were added in and it will give you the cd code to play as them.If you get bored, talk to me on steam and I can show you a mod that will make this game 10x better.
uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
You would have a beter time stabing yourself then this game
