Excellent game, but it's lacking one of the major things that I thought this game was meant to be about: Remixing Memories. I don't have many hours on record, but I have completed the game elswhere.Pros:Amazing graphicsAttention to detailAwesome storylineBritish AccentsPlot TwistsLots of CombosGreat AnimationsMusicBoss Fights (Especially Zorn)Sci-Fi SettingCons:Not enough Memory RemixesFighting MechanicsRepetitive GameplayOverall 8/10. Not something I would play every day, but it's something good to pick up and play for a couple of minutes.
As a fan of the previous Fallout games made by Bethesda, I really enjoyed Fallout 4, and the new mechanics, features and storylines. I would highly recommend this game to anyone, whether they have played the previous games in the series or not.Fallout 4 has a really unique feel to the environment; some areas I felt like I was back in the Capital Wasteland again, where some of the others felt like the Mojave Desert. The new weather system reminds me of the Climates of Tamriel mod for The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, which was implemented very well, and I loved.If you had modded Fallout 3/New Vegas with the Wasteland Defence mod, the settlement building system feels very much like that, but much smoother. It has almost the same placement style, but with better menus and more options (Especially with mods). There are even enemies that will attack your settlements too, such as Super Mutants, Raiders, Synths, Deathclaws, etc.Fallout 4 also has a whole new dialogue system, that in some ways could be improved, but Bethesda have managed to successfully pull off. I was a bit sceptical about it when I first saw it, but I was really suprised with it in the end. At first I wasn't a fan of the skills being removed, but I felt it was a bit more balanced (Minus the fact that you can just increase your SPECIAL stats whenever you level up). AI and Combat has been greatly improved over the other games too. Instead of your enemies standing out in the open and shooting at you, they actually hide behind cover, and you can too!TL;DRGood game. 8/10Some bugs, but I haven't encountered anything too gamebreaking that mods/console commands can't fix.
I don't know why I didn't review this earlier. This has got to be in my top 5 Open World RPG games that I have ever played. The game is so amazing by itself, but because the game is meant to be modded, it's opened up an infinite amount of possibilities. From HD mods (Skyrim HD 2K Textures, SMIM, etc), to mods that make the game more realistic (Realistic Needs and Diseases, Frostfall, etc), to mods that add new and exotic lands (Wyrmstooth, Falskaar, and the upcoming SkyWind), to armor and weapon mods (Immersive Armors, Immersive Weapons, etc). 10/10 one of the greatest games created.
This has to be the best racing game I have played to date. I would highly recommend it to anyone that likes racing games. 9/10 because sometimes the crash cam appears for no reason, and then counts as a driveaway when my car takes absolutely no damage. It's rare, but happens.
Excellent game. I highly recommend it for anyone and everyone who can take a joke, and handle a little blood. The DLC (Old World Blues in particular) is AMAZING! This is definately of the best RPGs I've ever played. 9/10 (Missing one point due to bugs, but nothing a few mods can't fix).
