So this is the first episode of Telltales Borderlands spin on things? I've gotta say.. I enjoyed it. In it you play as two characters, Rhys and Fiona. You then recount events from each of their points of views and play out events in the past, affecting their futures, Got it? Good.Pros:+Good voice acting+Longer length ( about 2 hours and 30 minutes )+More interactive combat sequencesCons:-Too many jokes-Story is all over the place-Towards the end things stop making senseIt's a good debut for a new game from Telltale. If you liked previous games from Telltale you'll feel at home. If you've played Borderlands 2 expect to understand some references.
A terryfying experience gone flamethrower fuel hoarding. 7/10
holy ♥♥♥♥ i actually beat it
I liked it.
Kill old people for food.11/10
This game is great except for one flaw. It's so great that TIME DISSAPEARS while you're playing it so watch out for that.
STOP! Before you go anywhere, read this. This game is worth playing. Why? Well, imagine this. Your name is Lee Everett. A thirty-something year old man on his way to prison for an undisclosed crime. The game begins with you getting driven out of the city of Atlanta by an elderly policeman. This is a tutorial of sorts as you learn how to look around and click on objects of interest. You also learn about the dialogue system in which you get given 4 options of words/sentences to reply with. Choose as you will, the copper looks away at a bad moment and crashes into a pedestrian, spins out of control and tumbles down a steep ditch on the side of the road. Dazed, confused and hurt you pass out for a few minutes to the sound of screaming. This is where the game really begins. I won't spoil much but this is a really enjoyable game. 9.5/10 is a score that this game earns exceptionally.
Wow. This game was incredible. Half-Life is a game that came out in 1998 and is the first game ever created by valve. ( The owners of Steam ) It starts off when an experiment goes wrong in an underground lab facility and kicks off from there. Aliens appear all over the place and it's up to the main character ( Gorden Freeman ) to get to the bottom of it, and if possible stop it. It spans over 20 hours of solid all action gameplay that never ceases to be fun. 10/10 considering the year it game out.
This game is truely amazing. Sure, it's occasionally buggy, and the graphics are rather dated but its insane length and drawing story which involves you making choices that effect the late game is incredible! 9/10 from me!
