day 1 - thrives, logs, grasses, axes, pickaxes.day 2 - map border explorationday 3 - monster hunterday 6 - looking for meat and foodday 13 - winter... oh f***day 23 - escaped of dying by starvationday 40 - constructing a principal baseday 59 - hunting tallbirdsday 60 - rich of foodday 62 - ice box day 72 - rotten foods, nowhere to go and farm foodday 73 - starvatingday 74 - got some foodday 77 - a fire just appeared from somewhere and started burning the forestday 80 - got into a cave day 111 - searching the exit of the caveday 112 - looking for food AGAINday 113 - got berries, 1 of life (starvating)got killed by starvation when i was going to eat the berries.11/10. would die from starvation again.looking from the other side, it's a genious game. a FANTASTIC game.isn't like rust or minecraft. this is unique.uh.. i don't reccomend for kids. it's 13+ for my opinion.
It's a great game, i agree with this, but there's alot of bugs and annoying things...Pros 1 - Good maps and graphics2 - Good weapons and gameplay3 - Good hud4 - Good menu5 - Funny6 - CheapCons1 - No sound configuration 2 - Hackers in early access already3 - Too much recoil and low accuraccy overtime4 - Weapons too close to the gamer's vision5 - No music in menu6 - Lag, Lag, Lag, Lag, Lag.7 - Chat interfers in game8 - Free weapons and no skill names (I think because it's still in early access, idk)9 - + or - ragdolls physics10 - No hackers ban yet11 - No bullet registry11.5 - Ballistic: OVK website is a kind of offline (idk why)12 - Only 3 class yet (Early access i know)13 - Really smooth game, really smooth.Conclusion - This game has future, and a good one, it just needs some updates and reviews to attract more players and reduce the lag (or no), a lot of players will like it but, PLEASE, ANTI - HACK FOR THE GAME.You should buy the game and wait, or wait for more updates and buy the game (If the price don't get more expensive).
Ok, é um ótimo game, mas  há muitos conteúdos adicionais, faz o game ser uma demo paga praticamente, e com essa nova update (atualização) da crimefest, fez o game ficar parecido com CS:GO ou TF2, o que faz o jogo ter reputação de game copiado, e isso é ridículo, Overkill, precisa melhorar véi. Mas, olhando pelo lado bom, até que o jogo tem uma diversão boa, que te faz passar o tempo com amigos e etc, te diverte. 7.3/10
