Great game. Such wonderful visuals, but that's to be expected from the creators of Limbo. A little on the short side but still an awesome experience, would definitely recommend.
This game should be boring... but it isn't, When I first received this game as a gift I pretty much scoffed at the idea of the game, cleaning up messes, sounds so boring. But its brilliant and can cause so much frustration. Imagine spending hours cleaning a facility every little bit and taking your final bucket of filthy water for disposal...then you drop the f**king bucket and then step in it and spread filth everywhere... so infuriating. This game when played with friends is a nightmare, you clean an area only for your friendto abscent mindedly walk filth through it... you wish there was a button to beat them to death with the mop. I definitely recommend.
The concept seems simple, kill everyone at the party. This can be deceptively difficult to accomplish. Finishing a level without getting caught can be so satisfying. I am so glad to see that they have added some new levels as I did not want to stop playing this when I first finished.
Really enjoyed this game. The sound, music and design of the game is amazing. When you first open this game and see the glorious 80's rendered in all it's pixel art glory you would never expect the violence that is to follow. There's enough challenge to keep the game interesting and have meant that multiple plays are always enjoyable. The pace of the game is quick which means the player needs to be aware of what's going on at all times, when you let your concentration slip, you die. What this game also has is an interesting story which one could easily imagine being turned into a film, a very dark film. I couldn't recommend this highly enough. Can't wait for number 2...if it ever comes.
All that needs to be said is PLAY IT BRO!
As a single player campaign this game is pretty average. The sniping mechanics are pretty well implemented and getting a perfect headshot factoring in both the wind and bullet drop leaves you feeling somewhat accomplished. Where this game is at its best is the multiplayer. I-'d like to use an example; 5 minutes left in a 20 minute round neither player has gotten a kill or seen one another, all of a sudden a sniper sight reflects the sunlight -BANG- a bullet sails past your head and you realise the other player hasn-'t aimed effectively, you quickly aim your sight - aimed slightly above and to the right of the head -BANG- perfect headshot 386m. You feel like a complete badass. The multiplayer in this feels like an actual challenge as opposed to the quick and mostly forgettable multiplayer seen in other games such as the C.O.D series.I recommend this as a game to play multiplayer with friends but not really as a campaign that needs to be played. So maybe wait until it-'s on sale or something.
All I can say is PLAY IT!
I have really been enjoying this game, the level and character design, the colours, the music, it-'s all so good. The moment I started playing I knew I-'d be hooked being a massive fan of Super Ghouls And Ghosts for SNES this game just instantly clicked with me. I enjoyed it so much that I had to buy it on 3DS as I wanted to take it on the go with me. The ability to destroy checkpoints for extra loot is awesome, but at the same time has driven me to the brink of insanity as I have had to play the whole level over and over. I would definitely recommend playing this game, especially if you ever played any of the older console platformers. -FOR SHOVELRY!!-
Brilliant game. Loved it, couldn't stop playing it...want season 3 now. Couldn't believe how attached I became to Clementine and Lee. Highly recommend both season 1 and 2.
