Telltale-'s -The Walking Dead- suffers from the same weakness that most other games made by Telltale suffer: it-'s linear, and somewhat boring. The Walking Dead is set in a world cursed by the demons, -Screen Tearing- and -Poor FPS-, in one of the several universes of this franchise. Despite how good this game looks, it is surprisingly linear: your making a decision, be it good or evil - kill Sally Lou, or leave her be - has no meaning: for if you decide to go for the Good option, someone else in the group will do whatever they need to do to make sure that the Bad option is undergone shortly before chastising you for being a ♥♥♥♥♥-less ♥♥♥♥ - or on the other end, where you-'ll choose the evil option, the exact same person from scenario 1 will chastise you for being a pussly-less, murdering ♥♥♥♥.The game tries to sell itself by facading as a -Choose your own Adventure Game-, when what-'s really offered is more along the lines of -Choose what you want to say to (x) to make them feel gooey inside, or tell them that you don-'t like them as a person, but offer them a lolipop so they feel all gooey inside about being hated by the One Black-Man to survive the apocalypse.Ultimately, this game lies to your face: it hints that it has tonnes of replay value, when in reality, it does nothing to draw you into the game after buying it - you-'d get a better service for your dollar by hiring a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and asking her to hug you for half of her purchased hour, and asking her to leave shortly thereafter.If this review seems long, then that is because I-'m an angry Australian ♥♥♥♥ who can-'t quite be ♥♥♥♥ed to reread his writing, but just isn-'t lazy enough to leave this game review-less.Overall score: 3/10 - would bang again.
Honestly an extremely ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game unless you can wait for it to work. This game kicks you straight in the balls as soon as you start playing by making it a requirement to buy Half-life 2 (Both the first and the two episodes) as well as Counterstrike to run any map. You-'ll begin to find -User made content- which is the only thing actually holding this game up - albeit barely. Though majority of the time you-'re going to have to restart the game to use them if they were downloaded mid-game - but don-'t get me wrong. They are pretty good. What you-'re going to find with the game itself, is that opening a map is going to take anywhere from 2-30 minutes - though you (The reader, don-'t get technical with me about this - I-'ll cut you -) may not experience this. This game is also prone to multiple crashes while playing, this can be anything from a minor annoyance, to a complete game-boner-killer. These crashes are NOT one-off occurances though, they are actually rather common. If you are like... well, any one else, then you-'ll sit back, maybe twiddle your thumbs for a while, and wait in complete, awe-inspiring boredom as NOTHING happens, all in the vein hope that maybe, -It-'s different this time, it won-'t crash!- though, just like New Vegas, the game is going to laugh as you sit there, like a ♥♥♥♥ing idiot waiting for some miracle that will make your game work.But hey, that-'s just MY experience. If you still think that buying this game is a good idea, go ahead and buy it. If not, then I am sorry that you had to hear from me how ♥♥♥♥ this game is.Yours sincerely, Narasha - The Bane of Games
