They took 3rd-person shooter to a whole new level with comedy and GORE... if anyone thinks that this game looks stupid play just PLAY IT and you will be suprised that this game is quite a gem.
This is one of the best strategy games ever and the best one i have ever played it blends tower defence and action perfectly there is really only one thing that this misses is co-op but still this game is a definite must buy :)
This game looks really good, and like any other game it has its ups and downs.Pros- Lovable art style- runs on any PC- Lots of players- Contains tutorialsThe only thing i do see wrong with this game is.The community, the community in most MOBA games are rude and can't seem to admitthey had been defeated. They will always have some sort of rage message they will send to either you or the team weather you win or lose. There is not escaping rage from other players.However if you can see past the fact that most of the community are ragers or downright rude people then i do recommend this game.
This game oh well more of a interactive story shows human perception of life with each stage of life Kid, Adult and Elder. it really makes you contemplate life and shows you things in life that everyone experiences all the problems and more. it made me sad, and i really do think you should give it a try its short and will only take about 10-20 minitues of your life.Verdict- while its short and i would love to see more it isnt for everyone just those few philosophical people.
While this game is a great time waster game it is very unstable it can freze it can lag and it can lag your whole pc and cause you to switch your pc off completely also not to mention that bugs like this havent been fixed.
Trove is another MMORPG game with a minecrafty style...Dont let that turn you away trove is full of features and gameplay and my experience with the online community is actually really good there are many good players out there to help you learn. To sum it up get trove it isnt a pay to win either so what are you waiting for play it now!
A great portal mod that adds a perfect twist to the portal we know9/10
