Americans can't spell Dishonoured
To put it bluntly, Broken Age is fantastic.The game is a classic point-and-click adventure, in the vein of the Lucasfilm Classics. For those of you who have been living under a rock for two years, Broken Age (previously known as Double Fine Adventure) was a huge kickstarter success, finishing up with over 3 million in crowd-sourced funds. Being one of the original big Kickstarter projects, there was some worry, but Double Fine pulled through in the most stylish way possible.The game is split into two parts, which is.... split into another two parts.This is a review of Act 1. Act 2 will be released some time this year, and here's hoping it's as good as this act. In each act there are two tales to play, both incredibly different, but linked in many, many ways. In one, you play as Vella, a girl forced into tradition. In the other you play as Shay, a boy forced to stay in a spaceship his whole life. Both stories are incredibly fun to play. On your first playthrough you may not notice the similarities between the stories, but if you think about them and put the events together in your mind, you realise how linked these tales are. I can't describe the amazing feeling I had when I discovered these connections. I can't really describe them without completely spoiling the game though.The gameplay is what you would expect from any adventure game. It's fun, puzzling and satisfying. The only downfall is the sheer simplicity of the puzzles. I only really got stuck on one puzzle and even then it's because I just didn't notice one item amongst the background. However, this is actually a pro for younger gamers, as they will enjoy it without getting frustrated.The art. Oh man, the art. It's gorgeous. I can say no more, just look at the screenshots.The music is fantastic as in most Double Fine games. Some great peaceful, ambient tunes to relax you as the gears in your head grind.The story is obviously great, with some excellent writing. The biggest caveat in adventure games for me is feeling bored as lines and lines of text go on and on. In this game though, I was always interested, clicking on every dialogue option available. The AAA voice acting helps a lot too. Before you ask, yes, Jennifer Hale is in it.Overall, Broken Age is a must-buy. Generally I don't preorder or buy games at launch, I just wait for a sale. But this time I did and it was worth every dollar. The length may be an issue, but for me just Act 1 was worth the purchase, but with another act on the way, there's really no reason not to buy this ASAP. What more can I say? Brilliant art, music, puzzle design, writing, voice acting.... It all helps to make this a great, great game. Do yourself a favour and pick this up. You won't regret it.
