GFWL is now gone, so now all you need is to spend 30mins installing dsfix, then you too get to expirence for the first time ever not being able to get past the tutorial, and you better pray to Miyazaki the one true god that you have a 360 controller.If the devs would just add dsfix to the default download it would be 10/10, apart from that the geography, mechanics, enemy variety, and somehow fun and despair at the same time make this game an unforgettable milestone in your life if you manage to beat it.
Really fun, fast pace shooter, that has done the in-game purchases right, (only clothing), all i can ask for now is dedicated servers, and just more content
99 in 1...
wp early access. wp
less is more?, not really(let me just say that civ 5 was my first civ, so i didn't have any previous civ titles to put it in context, but know when you compard BE to 5 its like its DLC, but also taking things out)i feel like they changed the things that worked, and kept the things i couldn't care for. like the tech web, your pretty much forced to go by the inner ring first, then the second and so forth, it looked more impressive in civ 5 scrolling all the way to the end of the tech tree and seeing how much progress was to be made. The religions gone, which im alright with because it was kinda hard to control and influence anyway, but less is more?The units, while the idea of upgrading them along a specifc line is cool and kind of felt like x-com, the actually outcome of this is that they look slightley different each time and don't really do anything special, you can't have that civ 5 x2 attack, +1 range super units that took investment, and time, which you cared about when they died, because now the only individual upgrades are %10 attack. and also the units are all just re skins of the warrior etc, not thats its a bad thing, just don't get excited, why couldn't they do somehting like have mutliple worlds to travel to or go back to earth, which makes a whole new map.And wheres the submarines, the bombers, AA units, the paratroopers, also satellites could have been much more, i feel like they should have been super expensive, powerful and be moveable, and only visible to a few units which could take them out easy. and wheres the airport or teleporter, or something to move units quickly, satellite tele doesn't really count because its one way. and also the fact that units are so boringly upgraded means you don't get the cool feeling when a helecopter gunship is mowing down a knight.It suffers from the same problem civ 5 had in my opinion, which was that the happiness meant you had to wait till like turn 200 to actually start a war or anything because you had NO happiness, and if you tried to found cities your happiness was gone. So this time around the happine.. i mean health is even more limited, no health from tile resources, so you rely on like the 3 almost identical buildings which give like 2 health each. Also most buildings suck, like 100 buildings that give +3 science or energy (gold), but none that add multipliers, and the few wonders there are barely have anything good about them.Another thing, i felt is that the affinities were really loosely tied to you, your not tied down, so you don't really feel that close to them, if you research all techs you pretty much have them all anyway, and the random events which asked things like if some building should be +science or energy made it seem like you have less control over your civilization.The start up options, this might have been the most disappointing thing, there isn't really anything special to the sponsors, they don't have personality like ghandi or ashurbanipal did (however you spell it). then after the sponsor all the other stuf is really on early game thing like starting with a worker, also quick thing, why can't i have a duel map with 24 players like i used to be able to do, that was so fun. and wheres the unique unitsThe look is also just werid, i know they were going for alien, but that doesn't mean every fricken thing on the map needs to be purple. and like on the tech tree, thers no colour to the pictures, just symbols, makes it look even more boring.(also cities are so weak, can be captured by 2 melee units)all that said i really only focused on what i didn't like, if you have never played civ before this will be a great game for you, but currently if your coming out of civ 5 theres not really enough change to justify the price and i will probably still invest 100s of hours because while they didn't improve the formula, like making decagonal tiles or anything, the formula was good enough. so i give this a recommended if looked at independantly of previous installments (just like i would for COD, spooky)420/68.99-IGN (get it becaus.. ok ill just go kill myself)can i have some internet points now gaben?
great summary of this great game : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfYRfpaBwnc
In a world where everything is operated by a two person lever, your hands will make you feel more unco-ordorinated than a crippled dyslexic, as you control two brothers as they traverse a vast world to save their father, but all is not as it seems (im talking about the giant spider, wtf, no how the fk), and the journeys end will leave you sadder than season 3 of game of thrones, but it was all worth it. right? also you'll feel really cool when you do this thing with a bunny, you'll find out.
if your wondering why such a game exists its because secretly SCS software has there own truck company with build long range intercontinental controls like a delivery UAV, so whenever you drive a truck in the game your driving one IRL explaining why the games so bori.. i mean realistic so that means in the short time ive played ive caused over 30 deaths from car crashes !!!1!!one!!7.98321/10 would spend 30 minutes trying to reverse park a trailer again
it only took my 8 hrs in this game, which has probably the biggest learning curve ive ever seen, to figure out how to start
