Whelp, time to pass judgement after the recent patch that at least fixed something bout gameplay: team balance. Finally, HSL removed the blacklight prime, a license that allowed only the ppl that had to pay $5 upfront before he/she could buy any ingame items using gp (ingame currency that u got from playing)Before that, the parity patch was pretty trashy-all we got as beta players were cosmetics (nice hat without stats) , a title and blacklight prime. Since newbies couldn't buy items to protect themselves from toxic ammo without paying in real cash, all the veterans (vets) had to do was join the team with most vets and they would almost certainly win if they used toxic ammo and explosives the new guys nvr could get their hands on. Toxic ammo does little direct dmg but can continue to down whittle ur health even after the bullets stop hitting u and also, it reduces ur max health so u couldn't heal back to full health even with the supply depot. Heal injectors could help to prevent one from dying but unfortunately, its a gp item.Plus, the level restriction prevented players from getting the guns or gear they wanted unless they've been playing for quite a while. After the christmas patch however There was no team balance either, not before and not now. Apparently there is a system to arrange for players to be in differing teams depending on their stats (to pit the vets against themselves and so on) but if the teams were even numbered, there is nothing to prevent the players from switching teams.Still no spawn protection as before. U could spawn into a mob of enemies or proximity mines (as usual).As for the mechanics: What  BLR promotes as gameplay is rather infuriating, camping and gangbanging. There is no mechanics to promote fighting as individuals. Going as a team is good, switching players to take frontline dmg helps as health regen will help to heal u back to half health and the moment u get a kill, u can recover to max health at a supply depot. However, there is no piercing ammo to counter this. Customisation is fixed before starting a round, if u wanted to change primaries, u would need a diffenrent customised slot for 10k gp as well as the weapon itself. The problem being, u couldn't change gear that way. If ur armor or is too slow or has too low hp for the playstyle that suits u, u would only have 30s to customise before the next round. There's no preset armor build to accompany the weapon sets. 1 armor set would be used for an entire match even if u change wep sets. Variety is lacking ever since the parity patch kicked in. No longer are the weapon tags (which boost stats by a little) free. No shock, no explosive nor magnum ammo. The only missions you get now are daily kills, daily wins and weekly dmg dealt (apart from headshot kills for the title). The only free skin for looking good is the daylight skin. U can no longer get the golden skin from the headshot kills achievement. U could no longer purchase the fox + cat helm and leveling only awards u with titles (at lvl 30 and above). If anything, I wished COD had the hrv (x-ray vision) and not this game. At least COD doesn't crash every few days, has ppl playing and has less absurd features like chat censorship.  Or frequent crashing. Still looking for the day where I'll change this review to a good one but if u were me, u'll get impatient too after a few yrs.
