0/10 - Because review scores are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tCodies latest rally sim is exactly that, a proper sim... for the most part.The cars are mostly from DiRT 3 with a few extra cars thrown in but they were chosen in DiRT 3 for a reason and they all seem in place here.I do club rallying myself and D.R is exactly that, it's basically racing old WRC cars in semi-pro events that somehow pay major dollars, you end up doing the same stages over and over again so I recommend playing this game about once every two weeks rather than just sitting down and playing the ♥♥♥♥ out of this game.The stages are really 6 locations with 2 massives stages cut up into pieces, now, in a club rally we do this all the time but even then in real life the stages are all 20km long. D.R feels like a rallysprint but this also allows a few more people to complete events. The monthly challenges can be up to 2 hours long - That's a regular rally on a Saturday night for most real drivers.The game itself is graphically lovely, the physics are insane and show just how good Codies can make games.But nothing can replicate the amazing terror of throwing yourself through a dark forrest on a logging trail that was only driven on the last time you had a rally there. (and I'd love for Codies to come to Australia and make you sim racers have a go at some of our stages)This was plainly thrown together to get a CMR style title back into the mainstream press and now that it's released the 2nd game will most definitely be a WRC game with a car and stage list to make you think back to the old CMR days, Having some old oddities of cars would make a nice addition to the seemingly standard car list that lands in every rally game.Beast of a game that punishes you for mistakes.
You will loose all will to live after talking to the people, all the money in your wallet from buying ARMAS stuff, all your patience from waiting for updates, and yet... it's the most fun you can have with your pants on, or off, depending how you play, I mean I've met a guy who did that, but it just ruins the fun of the internet if the person you're playing with is wearing their underwear and drinking bourbon, especially if it's  a console game, and you are sitting right next to them.
0/10 - Because review scores are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.This game had potential but quickly turned into a Cash-grab for SMS and became a joke of an E Sports contender, with all of the community events in 2016 focusing soley on the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t E Sports market.Most cars and tracks are old models from other SMS games and the only insult to it is the price to pay for it.Some car classes are broken by the DLC cars, throwing old road cars in with old race cars or mixing F1 cars, the 72D will never keep up with the 78. AI selection is absent too, so doing a mixed field GT race will have ALL THE CARS with GT in their title in the field, ever wanted to race against a GT40 while doing the Bathurst 12 Hour in a GT4 Mustang while still having the GT3 cars to overtake you? TOO BAD!There also seems to be a load of bugs still, during online races I would often get wrecked just by tapping wheels, one time even being wrecked because the game glitched the grid, placing another car under me.The FFB took me a year to get to a level where I could enjoy driving it, being a confusing mess and I only sorted it when I stopped using FFB setups that would be considered -Normal- in my other wheel-based games.AI is great in this game, aside from a few bugs that have the AI pit on the last lap of a race if it starts raining (which ruined a perfect enduro race I staged) but aside from a few buggy classes of vehicles, most of the rest can kerb-hop and battle for position sometimes, if the game doesn-'t go and supercharge them like it is prone to do.You can have some fun with this game, offline it is a decent simcade mode.As I have said before with other racing sims, wait until the second game and even then, give it a few months before buying this one to see if the 2nd game can be improved over this mess, which could have cornered the Gran Turismo for PC market that some of us have been waiting for since GT turned to crap.
My last review of LA Noire was done far too quickly for such a great game. I mean Christ, to say this game is long is an understatment, To say you won't hate the guts of the person YOU control is an understatment. You can't do anything to change what happens outside of cases, You're just there to enjoy the cutscenes, which are movies in their own rights. I noticed one glitch within the game and two cutscenes were probably out of sync, but you'll barely notice. If you haven't given this game a shot, you may not like it anyway. BUT, If you want to be a hero of the 1940's police force, experiance just what it was like back then, the corruption, drugs, drinking, the one-way views, broken heros from the war and people who are frankly, just broken... Then this is the game for you.
Okay, the new game mode pits you against some O.P bots, but this is a fun game to play when you are either stoned or drunk.
