haven't played any other assassin's creed games but from what i've heard this is the best. it may be old but it's such a fun game to run around italy assassinating people who deserve it with those really cool hidden blades.
not as scary as the original amnesia, solely on the fact there is only a single type of monster chasing you discluding the other variant of 'it' towards the end of the gamebut i wont lie, encountering the beast for the first time definitely added an hour to my gameplay
hello and welcome to the hat-skin simulator! if you played this game before july 2 2015, you may have been aware of the countless cosmetic items you could buy in team fortress 2 to waste your time equipping and trading (exactly 1248 cosmetics right now to be exact). if you got sick and tired of all these cosmetics that partially kill the game, well now there are skins! that's right! now these even more stuff to stop people from actually playing the game!because let's face it this game may be free but it sucks your wallet like a dehydrated catfish.csgo/10
this game is essentially another one of those idle mass money earning games, or you can call it a 'cookie clicker clone' if you like. personally i found it fun competing with my friends to see who can earn money the fastest but i can easily see that it could get boring very quickly for impatient players.if you want to 'speed up' the process without giving up actual physical money for jack ♥♥♥♥ in this game, there is always the option to travel to the future with the use of your computers clock...
yet again another idle-mass-money-earning-wasted-my-life-on-this-cant-escape-its-grasp gamethanks and have fun
there's something just so oddly fun about playing extremely old games for me. although this game can be a bit challenging, it's just so enjoyable.
this is by far the greatest rpg i have played since 2011. there is tons of stuff and places to explore and discover in skyrim which makes the game so enjoyable for such a long time. theres also something so satisfying about luring a giant in such a long trek up a mountain and then shouting all the way back down.it also has the most amazing quote to ever exist in a game:bandit - -DIE! SO I CAN TAKE YOUR STUFF!!1!-i have never wanted to just lay down and die in front of my enemy
pewdiepie played this game first♥♥♥♥ off
it's free to play and it doesn't include paying to win mainly because the game is based on PvE, but still includes PvP and it has a ♥♥♥♥ ton of stuff to buy and level up.why is leveling stuff so fun?why am i still playing this game?
it's free and pretty fun to play with friendsbut mainly just to get a hat in a simulator
