Has classes, shoot stuff.Come on, you really need a review for a free game?It has f*cking hats, just do it.
It's a sandbox where programmers and designers make minigames.Simple things like these to start:Hide and SeekProp HuntTrouble in Terrorist Town (TTT)Then like a million more sh*t to try. Might as well throw your life at something.
The multiplayer version plays exactly like the singleplayer version, just as smooth.The addition of multiplayer allows for more open respawn options and game modes.PvP can be on or off depending on each each so you can pick your preference with filter options.If you enjoyed Don't Starve, don't starve TOGETHER. Accidental fires may be caused intentionally.
Fantastic Co-op game, recommended to play in groups whether with random or friends.+Has Tower Defence and Third person shooter mechanics.+Has lots of progression and hitting end game is half the battle.+All DLC is worth buying. You'll eventually work through them but there is no need ro rush it. Offers Extra character classes and levels. Completion offers even more content.-Loot is luck-based, you will be farming equipment each tier for a while.Note that this game is quite dated and with the sequel coming soon, the player count is lacking.
TL:DRIt's harder than League of Legends. Like Dark Souls, you're going to die a LOT, get used to it.Crybabies who blame the game rather than practice should stay away. Don't be a DSP.Dota 2 is for the most part unchanged.It's a game with a steep learning curve and is as punishing as the Souls series.Initially, actions feel clunky and sluggish but in reality, each action carries 'weight' and so must be taken with caution.In comparison to League of Legends.-Has voice chat so you can verbally abuse your team. LEL-Heavy consequences. Attacks and Spells hurt.-Skill is rewarded, farming is more effective as 'gold generation' items don't exist (Hand of Midas is an exception and has a slow return rate)-More versitility through item system (not just sh*tty auras).-Has an actual warning/ban system that works (Get F*cked OCE LOL servers)-Limited wards, you can't simply have vision everywhere and never get caught.
