This review is brought to you by RandomselectTV. To view the review and other articles, please visit our website: http://randomselecttv.com/impression-outland/Platformers are fun, and so is exploration. Both of those go together like peanut butter and jelly. Outland is no exception. Developed my Housemarque, Outland originally was released for Xbox Live Arcade and the PlayStation Network back in 2011, but the game is just now making its way to PC. Now before going any further, it is crucial to point out that while it’s published by Ubisoft on the Xbox 360, Housemarque is self-publishing on Steam and as a result Uplay is nowhere to be seen.StoryThe game starts with the nameless hero having strange dreams and visions of the past. Thinking it may be illness, the hero turns to medicine which proves to be ineffective. He turns to a shaman who told him stories of a huge battle that took place 30,000 years ago between a Great Hero and Two sisters of Chaos, who control Light from the sun and the other controls the darkness of the moon. The battle imprisoned the sisters, but it also took the life of the Great Hero. The shamantells him how the hero is the reincarnation of that Great Hero, and only he can stop the event from reoccurring.PlayabilityThe player controls a nameless hero throughout numerous stages and areas. Completing these areas involves running through the level once to hit a level or switch followed by navigating back through the level to advance, but that makes it sound simple. I can assure you that you will be in for a surprise. Outland is difficult and sometimes infuriating. While the first area may seem easy to begin with, difficulty increases the further you progress. Oh but it’s not just using melee attacks to kill the various enemies and endless amount of spiders, Outland quickly throws you in to the Bullet-Hell and puzzle genres. One of Outlands key features is the ability to switch colors, or ‘spirits’ as they are referred to.Switching from red to blue is crucial to navigating your way through the beautifully designed levels. You will find yourself wondering “how?” several times throughout the game. Rapid spirit switching, wall jumps, slides, the works. It is a tough game. Enemies will kill you, opposite spirit projectiles will kill you, and spiders WILL kill you. Outland is tough, but it is very fun. Now we should probably talk about how the game actually runs. It’s safe to say the port is a very good one. I’ve had a few issues where the game crashes after tabbing out for a short period, but so far that has been a very rare occurrence. Since the game originally released on consoles, using a controller is recommended here. The keyboard controls feel very cramped for the many abilities you can unlock.All the keys are just grouped together in a very non user friendly way, sadly those keys cannot be rebound outside of switching to the only other layout, which isn’t much better. Control issues aside, performance is very good. It’s a 2D Platformer so most anything will be able to run the game. I haven’t noticed any major issues outside of some very rare tiny glitches, for the most part though the game performs and feels fantastic.VisualsSimply put, the game is gorgeous. Amazing backgrounds mix so well with the contrasting Blue and Red spirit colors. Outland presents itself perfectly. The moment you start playing the game, you can see all of the artistic talent that went into the game. 2D Platformers tend to always have a very unique art style, and Outland is just another example of that. The silhouette of the player and the various enemies is reminiscent of Limbo, but are highlighted by vivid shades of Red and Blue, and occasionally yellow.FeaturesSingleplayer: Campaign Only, Metroidvania Style Story.Co-Op: Campaign Modified Co-Op, Arcade Style Challenges, Co-Op Challenge Rooms Steam Achievements: Specialized Tasks Awarding Honor StampsSteam Cloud: Ability To Back Up & Load Saves From The CloudFull Controller Support: Full Controller Support for Xinput Enabled Devices.Steam Trading Cards: Tradable & Marketable Digital Cards Related To Medium Awarded Base On Playtime.SoundscapeOutlands scores are composed by Ari Pulkkinen who is known for such games as the Trine franchise and most recently Resogun. As well as composing the scores, he also contributed to the general sound design. The game sounds good, sword slashes provide a satisfying sense of contact when you attack an enemy and everything else mixes perfectly with the setting to help immerse the player into the game.MultiplayerThe multiplayer component of the game becomes more and more fleshed out as you go farther in the single campaign. There are certain elements that unlock as you encounter them throughout the game, the first of these modes is to do the campaign cooperatively, the changes from single player are mostly to switches or any specific advancement article is made to be needed to be activated by both parties. You are given complete free roam from your partner and not required to stay on screen, this helps with exploration as you cover more ground. The only gripe about the multiplayer was that it has this rubber banding issue where the game kept trying to sync what we both would be doing constantly. This led to some lag as it always appeared that animations were a frame or so behind then correct before going behind again.Parting ShotOutland is a fun game. Exploration feels fun and it feels good when you are rewarded for going off the beaten path. The music and sound ties perfectly with the gorgeous stages and background to create some very nice eye and ear candy. Combat plays a key role in the game. You have a basic melee attack as well as unlockable abilities such as the slide. Combos are very possible, and probably the most satisfying element of the combat system. A simple slide will throw the enemy in the air allowing you to set up for juggle combos that feel straight out Street Fighter or Marvel vs Capcom. Unfortunately, that novelty wears off fairly quickly.Once you figure out the best combos to use, combat feels more like a routine and a choir, then something you might look forward too. Where the combat fails, the exploration makes up for those shortcomings. Wall jumping and spirit switching around the stages can be rewarding. It’s not always best to follow the straight and narrow, you are rewarded for exploring. Whether you find some of the 40+ collectable masks which can be used for unlocking concept art or upgrading abilities, or finding a totem which allows you to pay your collect coins for a very helpful health upgrade.Combat becomes repetitive and feels like a choir that sometimes can be avoided, with the exception of boss battle which honestly are fun. The game shines in its tough and thought provoking puzzles and landscapes. Feeling that great relief once you get past that one puzzle you finally beat is something that some games today fail to even provide, but Outland does. I feel good about recommending Outland. Only being held back by the games length and the dull combat, Outland proves to be a very fun and satisfying mix of Metroidvania and Puzzle games.
