It's a great smash bros alternative for the pc. And free!
This game is cool, it has a vast variety of items, weapons, loot, gear, and armour; easy to get into for new players to the sandbox crafter genre and veterans of minecraft will enjoy the fresh new diversity.
There seem to be a lot of negative reviews of this game, so let me put in my two cents.When I first saw this game in the steam store it looked like a wallrunning ninja tps hybrid. And when I downloaded and played it, that is exactly what I received.I was also pleasantly surprised by the 4player Co-op option and the the campaign doesn-'t start off fantastic I hear it gets fairly good, and playing with three friends always makes things more fun.The game also has pay to win and MMO elements;MMO elements like friends lists, PMs, and the option to make a clan, add something nice to the game.I found the -pay to win-esque nature of the game wasn-'t a deal breaker for me, because it-'s more like -pay to advance faster-. Without paying a single cent you can exceed at the game by skill alone easily.The other thing is game progression, meaning players who have spent longer on the game will have better gear than you, and a few extra abilities.However, this does not put them at an extreme advantage, and is balanced nicely.On my first game I was able to get a nice amount of frags even though I was a beginner.In terms of gear, the best gear is only slightly better than the defalut stuff, with upgrades being slight. This means that no matter what, you still need skill to win, not money. A player with the best gear will still easily be poned by a more skilled player.I think this game s a lot of fun because of the ninja like elements to it with the wall running, the variance in the classes, and because of a lot of the unique gameplay aspects in it. Being able to switch weapons quickly means that a lot of the time you will be most efficient in using your entire aresenal agains an opponent, like switching from close range to mid range quickly to retreat from a flamethrower, or as a sniper dashing back quickly from an approaching assailant with a sword, to then quickly pull out your own sword and dash forward to catch them off guard. I like that you can use weapons while dashing and wallrunning, meaning I can dash sideways to avoid a sniper, and then quickly run across the wall towards him firing my SMG while jumping from wall to wall to avoid his fire, then dash to the side onto a pillar, then change to my sword while running in a spiral around that pillar so he can-'t keep track of me, then dash behind him and finish him off with the sword.There are breast physics as some have so crudely fixated on, but unless you are swinging around character models in the lobby, they don-'t distract from gameplay. Also when characters with skirts die sometimes, they ragdoll into some compromising positions, but again, it-'s easy to either ingore or fixate on, depending on your attittude.So in short, I really love the gameplay.I love the way it blends long, mid, and closerange.I love how fast paced it is.I love the ability to form my own clan or get tegether a team line up with my friends and together wreak havoc online.I love fealing like a ninja when I drop off a chandelier to take down an unsuspecting enemy.I love the split second reactions in just the sword play alone, and I love that there is a whole gamemode dedicated to this.Personally, I recomend this game, it-'s fun and it-'s free.
Dang it. why did I let myself get fooled by the trailer.I really wanted to like this game, I really did. And it looks so GOOD in the trailer, lightsabers, mechs, dinosaurs. sounds like a recipe for fun.Unfortunately tons of velociraptors in your face that instantly blur because the textures blow isnt fun.guns that have a muzzle flash after you fire isnt fun.No tutorial what so ever isnt fun.microtransactions arent fun.And gameplay elements that are terrible.I gave up playing as a velociraptor in thirty seconds because you cant strafe so the only thing to do to a human is run right at them. No way to out manouver, and considering the humans can kill you in two seconds..Even as a human the game felt grindy and unpolished. You can unload TONS of ammo into the larger dinosaurs and get no results and not even anything to let you know they are taking damage apart from some out of place looking numbers on the screen and a bad looking blood splatter.Now, I don't usually care if graphics are bad.But I want my bulltes to line up with my fire, I want to not be the wrong colour and have no textures for three seconds after spawning, I want what feels like a complete game for my money.At this tage, I have to recomend you save yourself tha embarassment of trusting this game to deliver.EDIT:Ok they have recently made an update that seems to follow a particular theme, that theme, is that the devs are doing what they can to provide continual suuport, adn are constantly improving the game, basically all the issues I covered here have been fixed. so the game is ok now.
