This new weapon skin ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t have just ruined the game and Overkill's reputation. We know you want our money by releasing medieval DLC's every month, but you have just taken it too far time. The 400+ hours that I enjoyed of this game were great, but now I feel like I should switch over to the game you tried to rip-off (CSGO). ♥♥♥♥ you Overkill, you definitely did OVERKILL your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game development this time.
Pros:- Very fun for a free 2 play release- Good optimization, but very demanding- In-game currency doesn't take forever to buy somethingCons:- Wraith is broken- Need more jetpack boost
Still stutters and runs just as bad as Arkham City. Gameplay is the same, nothing new.
Better than league.
Really fun with friends online on a PVP or Arena server. Although the game tends to crash randomly and after playing for a while my FPS drops under 30, which forces me to restart the game to get back up to 60+. Would like better optimization and custom graphics settings.
The only underwater open world survival game I have played, and possibly the only one I will ever play. Generally, this is my favorite singleplayer game in the survival exploration/construction catergory, and if you fear the deep ocean like me, then this game will guarantee you ♥♥♥♥ your pants in the beginning. The best part about this game are the devs. They take this game seriously in its current early development stage, and they are so hardworking and dedicated that they will collect any feedback and use it for improving the game in any way possible, by releasing mind blowing updates and bug fixes. I hope that the day this game finally comes out of it's early development, it will be one the biggest hits on Steam and hopefully one day, like the devs mentioned, there will be a separate coop game for subnautica (kinda like Don't Starve Together). 11/10 for me, will play again, and again ... and again.
Only played a few minutes and I had a lot of fun. I have never played Super Smash Bros but this game is really, really good considering it's 100% Free to play. 10/10
I don't know why people complain about this game. If you don't like it, don't buy it. It works fine, it runs fine, I have no problems with it, and the Multiplayer Starter Pack is only $15, although I wish the level wasn't capped at 55. This is so much more fun than BO2. Would definitely recommend. 9/10
Lags on high end PC even on low settings. Gameplay is smooth and well developed but the respawning system like in Insurgency is ♥♥♥♥ing frustrating and unoriginally irritating.
