My dream of becoming Bear Grylls has finally come true.
Amassed army of rock throwing farmers, then took on the enite Kingdom.10/10
Yeah there is bugs and crashes and random deaths but who cares! I can poison people with disinfectant spray!This is an absolute must-have for anyone who likes post apocalyptic / survival games.
This may be the greatest game in existence.Despite its many bugs and glitches it is a great game. Hundreds of hours of fun. Even with the amount of time I've put into this game I've barely scratched the surface. And most of that has come solely from the level editor.The editor is really fun to play around with, helicopter raids, tank missions, HALO jumps, patrols, ambushes, you name it, you can more than likely do it.The only real problem you might encounter with this game is its difficulty. There is a pretty steep learning curve to get used to it. Theres no second lives, theres no attack dog bonuses. It is probably as close as you'll ever get to war.I wouldn't recommend this to any looking for a quick, CoD style deathmatch. ArmA II's combat takes patience, practice and more patience. A definate must-buy for anyone looking for some large scale warfare, tactical combat or military simulation games.
This game....how do I put it...Its like what you would expect a 3D browser game made on Adboe Shockwave to be like.There's nothing here....its not worth it, even if it was free.
First I'll list my problems with this game:- Theres no ingame tutorial. I didn't know what to do with myself when I first played this. It should be explaining as you go what to do and how to do it. Instead it gives you the option to pause the game and watch some 20 minute videos on the Steam forums. That is so stupid. Just explain to me what to do when I'm playing the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thing.- There is really nothing to do. You can build massive ships and some pretty cool stuff but what after that? Just fly around aimlessly. - The controls are so bad it isnt funny. You press T to interact with objects, to press buttons, get in ships etc, why?T is all the over the other side of the keyboard why would they make one of the most used actions in the game in such an awkward spot. There is 2 jump buttons for some reason, space and F. Why did F have to be a jump button? Why not get rid of that stupid T and replace it with F, and just leave space to jump?And guess what, you can't change the controls.- When flying ships, up is up and down is down. This takes a while to get used to, especially when you've played alot of other flight simulators, where up is down and down is up. To make it even worse, theres no invert look option solely for ships. You can either have it on or off, meaning looking will be inverted when you're on foot to.- Everything is so slippery. You have a jetpack, and its so awkward to manouver yourself. Moving forward makes you tip to the side and flip upside down, while the camera gets stuck and you cant see what youre doing!- The ships arent very clear on how to operate them / interact with them. You see a massive yellow circle sort of thing attached to the bottom of it, so it only makes sense to try and enter the ship that way. No, you have to go over to the dull grey cockpit with no obvious markings to show you enter there.And that concludes my review. Its boring, no tutorial and the most pathetic controls I've ever seen.
The game is just....bah.One of my major problems with this game is the fact that you walk sooooo slowly. They give you big forest but expect you to take 6 hours to get around. The headbob gives me a headache, and there is no option to reduce it or turn it off. What were they thinking.Who shakes that much when you are walking so slowly anyway?The game is pretty scary, but Slenderman doesn't really jump out at you much, he sort of just watches you. Well, that is only in the first couple of episodes, before I had to take a break and rest my eyes.Just, don't buy this game.
