Livin dat cave man dream!Also as of now, it is hard as ♥♥♥♥ to get a car to work. I have never seen one working. Also getting guns is crazy. But the game right now, is very fun. Also most players wont kill you on sight. I know right! It's like, na man, you lie. So game is good.
The negative reviews are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, the devs are fixing the ♥♥♥♥ out of the few bugs that are in the game. I couldn't login, an hour later they patched it!On top of that, the game is very fun. The crafting is way easier than it seems. Also charging with a group of twenty vikings and rolling over three whole towns is the ♥♥♥♥!SO JUST ♥♥♥♥ING BUY IT!
War... War never changes... But that ♥♥♥♥ don't mean nothin' in the fallout of New Vegas!So you liked Fallout 3? Well this is Fallout 3 with more guns, drugs (sorry chems), giblets and nuclear radiation! Spent your days exploding ♥♥♥♥ with a grenade machine gun or snipe like a ranger vet with your very own, anti materiel rifle!Go to the strip, get high, drunk, laid and for the ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles... Roll around in all your blood soaked caps!Oh and one other thing... Don't feed the yao guai! That is all...
Castle Miners Z is better than this... I gelded myself... God left me unfinished...
Is Fallout 4 a Fallout game?Opens locked storage room... Drungs, guns, .38 ammo and a mini nuke...Quick saves before every battle to see the million different ways that one mutant-'s head can explode...Makes -friend- carry all your ♥♥♥♥...Has Dogmeat...Yeah It-'s a Fallout game. Not a good one at that, but hey, you can still steal whatever you want, kill who ever you want and decide the fate of your slice of the Wasteland... Fallout 4 is... Good... I think...
ALT-ENTER and all the black screen is gone!This game is very fun, but not worth the $60 I spent for it... The should take it down by $20 because of bugs and Uplay... Why? WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ UPLAY??!! But all in all It is fun and the bugs will not give you cancer so It is pretty good!
Fist fighting simulator 2013 to 6666It has never updated and never will...
First seven hours in, still updates...This game is a ♥♥♥♥♥ to update, but is great otherwise!
Flowey from Undertale: 'In this world, It-'s KILL OR BE KILLED!-
