An Outdated engine and focus on features that don't improve on the core aspects that made DayZ mod the amazing game that it was. Instead of fighting in heart pounding tense situations and setting up camps with friends, you'll be experiencing rage inducing bugs that make you turn away from this game from weeks to even months on end. I hope soon that I can write a positive review and say great things about DayZ SA but right now I would recommend that you save your money until the game is worth it.
If you're looking for a realistic mil-sim style FPS, that rewards good communication and team co-ordination, then Squad is for you.Don't rush into buying it if you hate under developed, early access titles as this game still has a long way to come. Vehicles aren't in the game yet but infantry combat and base building are quite solid so far!
Insurgency is easily one of the best Tactical Multiplayer FPS-'s I have ever played.The realistic and unforgiving combat immerses you into the most gritty and adrenaline fueled combat situations you could ever get into in a game, brought to you by New World Interactive.There are two teams to a map: Security and Insurgents. Security uses mostly military grade weapons (M16-'s, mk18-'s... anything you would expect to see the American army use), while Insurgents use mostly old Russian weaponry (AKM-'s, SKS-'s and FAL-'s). Each team has two squads, each with 8 roles to pick. The point system in the game balances out the amount of attachments and armor you can pick, giving you the choice to either deck out your gun with fore-grips and weapon sights and run un-armored, or armor yourself up and give yourself extra ammo with no optics or attachments on your gun. Most primary weapons are a one shot kill to the torso and head at all ranges which forces you to pick your cover and pathing to the objective carefully.There are 6 game modes for multiplayer: Skirmish, Push, Firefight, Ambush, Occupy and Strike. Skirmish and Firefight are objective zone based; go to the objective and occupy it until your team has captured it and eliminate all enemy players until their respawn waves are ceased, capturing an objective gives you a respawn wave. The only difference between Skirmish and Firefight is that Skirmish has an addition 2 objectives which can be destroyed. In Push one team needs to hold back the enemy from capturing the two objectives in each zone until their respawn waves run out. Occupy is the classic King of the Hill, Ambush is a VIP escort mission and in Strike you must destroy the enemies objective while you protect your own. Servers can hold up to 32 players (16 per team) and there is an addition co-op game mode.Overall Insurgency is a tense, strategic and realistic game, brought to you by a small and intuitive game studio that will give you endless hours of fun.Pros- Well structured maps that suit every game mode,          Extremely polished weapon models and weapon animations,          Limited Heads Up Display,          Harsh damage model/ Health System.Cons- Movement animations are a bit -On rails-,           and Bullet ballistics are simple and outdated.
I'm sad to say that Fallout 4 feels like a step back from Fallout 3 and New Vegas.Fallout 3 and NV had a great damage model for all difficulties, rewarding you for precise shots - while still making you quite vulnerable towards enemy attacks.In Fallout 4 enemies will sponge bullets (even getting 4-5 shots in the head most times won't kill them), and they will run straight towards you and kill you within a few hits. It's not challenging, it's just a painful bore.The way difficulties of safes to lock-pick and terminals to hack is really scattered, it feels like they've just randomly chosen which ones will be novice, adept and masterful in terms of skill required, instead of placing expert locks in hard to reach areas, and novice ones in clear view places.I'm 8 hours in and I'm yet to meet an interesting character that influences my decisions and draws my attention into the conversation in any way.Also it is v-sync locked and 60fps locked (72 if you have 144hz monitor) and unlocking will speed up the game world and break dialogue options.
The Witcher 3 is one of the best single player games that I have ever played and I can not recommend it enough. Dialogue is always interesting and backed up with tremendous voice acting, the game looks stunning and plays great, combat takes skill and good timing and the overall world is amazingly life like.You don't need to worry about not having finished The Witcher 1 & 2, but I would still recommend them because they are great fun! If you don't want to play the earlier titles then I would still recommend watching a synopsis video. A Great game and well worth buying!
*Do not buy this if you aren't too great with 3D game engines or level editors, as this game is yet to have much of a campaign and is extremely limited when it comes to pre built challenges and tasks.*What is great about Overgrowth is the amazing movement and combat system, both are very fluid, enjoyable and challenging. The overall look of the world and design of characters is both beautiful and unique.Sadly this game has been in development for several years and will most likely not be completed any time soon.But if you're like me and enjoying setting up your own missions and levels then you'll have hours of fun. And if you just want to jump in to a campaign filled with diverse enemies and challenges... you may have a few years to wait.
Just Cause 3 is at it's best when you're indulging yourself in it's explosive chaos, but is disappointingly lacking in landmarks, exotic locations and diverse towns that Just Cause 2 had so many of.
