https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4uP1NHZSBzMFractured space os a MOBA that is currentaly free to play and it is in early access. It's developed and published by an Indie game creator Edge Case Games. I have played this game for around 15 hours and it is really fun.If you like giant space ships and MOBAs this game is the game for you.There is only one gamemode at the moment which is conquest. Your aim is to capture the enemy's front line of defense to unlock jump to there base. After awhile this thing called gamma is online. This can be captured and thus doing so gives you a attack boost. The maps in this game a quite boring as you fell like you're just playing the same map over and over again. Since the only change in senery is one of the astroids being made out of ice. This might be due to early access and I hope they add some othere maps in the future.Fractured space has no real story to it. But I think its cool how all the characters have their own story behind them and that if you click on them they play a cool little voice over. Its also fun as it looks like there is some sort of community behind fractured space. With overviews of different ships and all their ability's scattered across the web reafy to help you.The gameplay is pretty fun/ Each ship has there own set of abilities and loadout options that change some of the abilities. For example, The Venturer has a unique mining laser that can be shot with a stone mining missile which does no damage but opens up a hole in the shields for the laser to pass through for a powerfull combo.I found that when trying to engage in combat you get side tracked a lot and end up stupidly running into objects.Another negative thing is the player base. There is practically no one on and you find yourself waiting five minutes to join a match where every one DC's and the match is forfeited. But they recentally released a small arcade game your cane play whiles waiting for a match. But the player base will only rise once it gets out of early access.There are some skins in the game for your ship which and be brought with platinum and you can also purchase other dowloadable content which is probably most of there funding.Overall this is a solid game that I had the joy of playing. I found myself playing this game more than cs:go and I rate it three and a half stars out of five.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4uP1NHZSBzM
10/10 IGN, would'nt rate again. dont have enough time.
Fun Puzzle/Adventure game but got kind of sick of it until I unlocked sandbox mode ;)
