TL;DR Version: Great game, great AI, great story and great gunplay. A must buy for FPS fans and even tactical shooter fans. 10/10One of the best FPS games I know of. Great AI, interesting story and fantastic John Woo-esque and tactical gunplay. The game has a unique combat system which I wish today's developers would take a note or two of, the game puts you up against squads of 5 soldiers which communicate with each other and co-ordinate to try to take you down, which in higher difficulties can make the game genuinely difficult because the AI are extremely intelligent. As an example of such, during my playthrough I had to resort to taking cover in a room with open windows in which my enemies could see me through, instead of charging me head first like most modern FPS games AI would do, they actually had 3 of the 5 soldiers laying down suppressing fire and trying to flush me out with grenades, while the other 2 were trying to flank me, at the end of the gun fight I was flanked and killed due to the fact that I had no idea that the enemy were flanking my position. As a result of that gun fight I laughed my ♥♥♥ off because I hadn't been outsmarted in sooo long by AI and it was such a enjoyable experience. In my books F.E.A.R has the best AI I know of and still holds it's own even after 11 years, F.E.A.R is truly a masterpiece and I wish there were more games like it. The story of F.E.A.R is quite interesting but it is true that at times it can feel very drawn out but the visceral gun fights and atmospheric horror keeps you drawn in. It's a game that doesn't rely on jumpscares and forced perspective views to scare the player and I will admit that in my first playthrough I had some heart pumping moments which I won't spoil. All in all F.E.A.R is a great game to grab and for $9.99 USD it is a great deal, even for people that aren't fans of horror, I believe this is a game that every gamer should experience and it will forever be one of my top 5 FPS games and I also inspire to take what F.E.A.R has done right with it's combat and atmosphere and down the line create a homage of what F.E.A.R was in a game I hope to create in the far future. 10/10
Great game, played the original on iOS for hours on end then I ended up buying the old PC version and now after about 2 years of patiently waiting they have finally re-made the game in HD, this is a must have for any RPG fans. I am hoping they will now re-create the DLCs from the original! Great work once again Redshift.
ARK: Survival Evolved is a fun and beautiful game, I have played countless hours with friends and I have never been bored by it. There is soo much to do in this game, whether it be trying to tame a dinosaur you want or building a bridge to link the many forts and homes you will build. I have never experienced playing the game on the EPIC settings but I have seen a few YouTubers play at those setting and my oh my does the game look great! Now you may be wondering why I have not recommended the game, that is due to the many problems that ARK faces such as extreme memory leaks and subpar optimisation, the memory leaks are a big problem for me as the game seems to eat up my RAM and spit it back out at me, I have heard the devs are trying to fix this issue but all I see is more content being put into the game which is good but also making the memory problem worse on mine and my friend's PCs. On multiple forum posts and other friend's first hand experiences I have heard memory leaks of up to 23 GBs! Not very healthy for a computer if you ask me :P All in all ARK: Survival Evolved is a great game but it sure does need some tuning up and until some of the problems are fixed that are causing people like me and others to not be able to play the game properly, I cant recommend the game to anyone unless they have a HIGH-end computer, but if you really want to play this game I recommend that you atleast have 16 GBs of RAM available if you want to run the game with mods.EDIT: I also forgot to mention that ARK: Survival Evolved has some of the longest loading times I have ever seen, so if you are fortunate enough to have an SSD with some room on it then install ARK on there.
Many hacks, gg VACation
Many fun, much good
A very interesting and good game although I had a few frame rate hiccups with the previous versions of the game, but they have now been fixed by the devs which actually spend time to look at the customer reviews. So thank you to the developers for this game and your excellent customer support.
Great game to play with friends but if you are a Killing Floor 1 -vet- than I would hold off on buying this until they balance the skill trees abit and until they add abit more content.
It has been called a demo in it's time out but for $20 I think it is a bargain. The game is very well made and I am glad they decided to make a PC port. Here are the pros and cons to the gamePros: Beautiful graphics, very solid gameplay, lots of exciting, funny and over the top gameplay, good keyboard and mouse support, very good optimisation and graphics options.Cons: Pretty much none at all apart from mouse not working in menus for me bu t apart from that I think the only problem is that the game leaves you wanting more, kind of like having a taste of a really nice cake but then wanting some more XD
Epsilon is not bad for what is being charged at the moment. Epsilon in it's current state (pre-alpha) performs surprisingly well on lower end systems and looks half decent aswell. Epsilon features a few of the game mechanics that made the old Tom Clancy games great such as being able to pre-plan your mission (Rainbow Six 3), the fiber optic camera to scout underneath doors (Splinter Cell and eventually Rainbow Six) and the ability to open doors incrementally to provide much more cover when scouting a room for enemies and making entry kills (Rainbow Six 3). Serellan LLC are known for the subpar game Takedown: Red Sabre but it appears that the devs have taken into consideration what was wrong with the game as a tactical shooter and fixes a few of the problems in Epsilon, however it does carry some of the problems over like the somewhat sluggish movement system and the insanely fast reaction times of the enemy AI at times. Epsilon for what it is worth at the moment is not bad but you may want to hold off buying the game until some of the bugs and gameplay features are ironed out. All in all I like where this game is heading and it is great to see tactical shooters like this and Ground Branch coming back into the gaming world.Also a message to the devs if they end up reading this: Don't be afraid to ask the community for suggestions on how to improve the game as we all want to see this become an amazing game and we are happy to help to make this game become better than it already is.TL:DR Version:Pros: Follows old style of tactical shooters such as Rainbow Six 3 and SWAT 4Runs decently on older systems as far as I knowCons:AI isn't that great (to be expected in a pre-alpha game)Game has bugs (to be expected)
