Subnautica blows all other Early Access titles I've played out of the water; the transperency of the developers and the frequency of updates is admirable to say the least. This title is an experiment in exploration and survival, with each and every change being visible on the developer's Trello page so you know what is coming next. The game pits you, the lone survivor of a spacecraft crash on an entirely oceanic planet to try and survive against all odds. I will say now - for maximum enjoyment, do NOT look up or research the game's intricacies. Yes, I know most people - including myself - will often watch videos or vigorously devour a wiki's contents for information before purchase, but I can say with confidence that I avoided doing so with this title, and was pleasantly pleased (and continue to be). Learning what is what is a great part of Subnautica, and it feels...right, in a way.I can also recommend that if you have a fear of the ocean depths, and wish to overcome it somewhat, that this can help - it's rather therapeutic. As well as surviving the depths, this game features food and water (toggleable in game modes), base building, vehicle piloting and creation and voxel terraforming. Subnautica is yet another great title from Unknown Worlds, and I hope you give it a try.
This is a free to play, (pay to progress - but only to speed up progress) fast paced and highly competitive first person shooter. Dirty Bomb features mercenaries tasked with retrieving or destroying objectives in return for credits in a London devastated by a - you guessed it - dirty bomb. There are currently five maps in rotation with several more in development & testing, but they all provide a fairly balanced and fun layout to play with, and the new maps look to be getting even larger - which will be good hopefully!There are three gamemodes currently; Stopwatch, Objective and the newly added / still in testing Execution game mode - Stopwatch revolves around both teams trying to complete the objectives for the chosen map faster than their opponent, after which they switch sides (attackers to defenders) and the winner is decided on the faster team. Objective mode is simply stopwatch without the team switch, and as such one team defends the objective, the other attacks it until time runs out or all objectives are complete.Execution mode is relatively new, and consists of 10 rounds where the teams attempt to win more rounds than the other, by playing the objective or killing all the enemies on the map. This mode has the added rule that when you die, and are 'gibbed' (stabbed so that a medic cannot revive you), you will need to wait til the next round begins to continue playing. Medics can revive provided you are not executed, alá the game mode title.Enough about the modes, you probably understand the only thing you need to: objective - uhb-jek-tiv, play that and you win. Simple! Onto the characters, or mercs. There are currently 14 mercs available for play, with the newest being Phantom - a stealthy melee oriented class who has caused some controversy as to what the game is aiming for. The mercs each have a subcategory which are as follows:- [Fire] Support classes:   * Arty, whom can call down artillery with his targeting designator from afar and provide his team with ammo via ammo packs.   * Kira, who loves to light up the sky with her orbital laser strike, which she can guide around using the laser tool to cause maximum precision chaos from safety. She also deploys ammo stations to keep teammates well stocked throughout the fight.  * Skyhammer, one of the free mercs you get right off the bat, who has the ability to throw an airstrike marker to gib and demolish his foes, and also damage certain objectives such as generators and the EV when defending (Kira and Arty can also damage these objectives). Skyhammer will oft throw ammo packs like his fellow support class Arty.- Recon classes:  * Vassili, the sniper-est sniper there ever was, Vassili was the first of the recon classes added to open play, and can be devastating to enemy pushes if he can aim and position well. His heartbeat sensor can be vital to knowing enemy movements.  * Phantom, the all-American hero in his own mind, this backstabber is aimed at executing medics and other squishy vital classes. His ability is a cloak that makes him fairly invisible. The cloak can be removed with Vassili's heartbeat sensor if the two come in close proximity. - Medic classes:  * Aura, the shotgun wielding, heal station hero, who keeps the team healed and happy, alive, not dead. Her main ability is a healing station she can place nigh almost anywhere on the map which heals in a small radius, and can almost outheal all damage sources if placed right. She can also revive fallen teammates with the defib paddles. Aura, along with Skyhammer is one of the mercs you get for free!  * Sawbonez, the ex-military CQC SMG-specialist who throws large healing packs, potent enough to bring even the most deathly ill back to the land of the living, and doing it with style. Sawbonez - with a Z! - also holds the key to close range life and death with his defib paddles.  * Sparks, the super fast gal with a hundred names, and a wonderful piece of reviving and sniping technology. Sparks can reanimate people from afar with her REVIVR gun, which when charged is equally as good at reviving teammates as it is at killing enemies. Sparks has far less potent healing packs in contrast to Sawbonez, but they are no less helpful in a pinch.- Engineer classes:   * Proxy, the savvy and snappy Brit who loves to sap the lives of her foes via proximity mines strewn across the map, Proxy is also an objective specialist who has a 50% boost to completing objectives (such as repairing generators). The objective specialist is present on all engineer classes.   * Fletcher, who is the best. That's why he costs more! No but seriously, Fletcher is an engineer with an explosive surprise: sticky bombs! Create traps alá Proxy style, cover objectives or doorways that are important, or else use them as renewable grenades!  * Bushwacker, the man with the extra gun. Bushwacker comes equipped with a turret buddy who can be placed almost anywhere needed, but for best results, try placing them on flank routes or behind where you will be fighting, and get a nice crossfire going. The turret is fairly weak healthwise, but can pack a good punch with its firepower if placed right.- Assault classes:  * Nader, the business lawyer turned merc who has a renewable (don't ask me how) grenade launcher which can spit little eggs of death! Or was that dess? I'm not bilingual I'm afraid. Nader can shut down areas of defense and offense if her nades are utilised correctly, and even if she dies, she comes back post mortem with an explosive surprise called matyrdom, where she detontates herself and any nearby enemies!  * Fragger, the traffic cop, uh no, sorry; the man with the second biggest gun! His parking tickets - no wrong again! His frag grenades will cause chaos and death if cooked for long enough, and his LMG does nothing to ease the enemy's pain (except perhaps a quick death?). Many soon find out why Fragger is called what he is.  * Rhino, now for the man with the biggest gun, Rhino is a monster of a man who can hold entire areas if paired with a medic such as Aura with his minigun, which doesn't run dry on ammo, and instead can overheat quickly if used wrongly. Rhino is the merc with the most health, and as such, should not be taken lightly.Didn't realise how much I had written up until now, so TL;DR if you want it!TL;DR: Dirty Bomb is a crazy fun F2P FPS, which has an alright business model where you can pay to progress faster (unlock characters quicker) and it provides a decently balanced game for the most part, where each character feels powerful, and matches that are all objective focused feel tense right down to the last second. Also, to mention one last thing - there is a certain movement to the game where walljumping is possible, which adds a layer or two to fighting. Thought it was worth a mention.Great game, hope it does well in the future! EDIT: Changed phantom's description due to patch fixes.
First up, my hours look lower than they are, as I frequently have to use offline mode to play games. So there's that!I'd estimate I have around 25-35 hours, as of writing, but thats a rough guess.--Now I've never played any of the Harvest Moon games, which I believe are what inspired Stardew Valley - however I can say with certainty that I would have loved them. Stardew Valley is a wonderful mix of relaxing and fast-paced gameplay, and I know it may not seem like that at first glance. The game at its core revolves around managing farmland in your little corner of the valley (its actually quite a lot of space!), designing and planting crops, filling barns and coops wth animals, and keeping it all running day by day. Beside all this management gameplay there is alot an exploration element which involves fishing, mining or foraging for things to eat / cook or sell, and deciding whether to farm or do these various side activities adds a layer of complexitity to the game wherein you must manage time and energy, as both are limited. Choosing your activites day by day is one option, however if you prefer a slower, less pressured play style you can simply enjoy the game for what it is, and do whatever activity you desire. There is no consequence aside from perhaps lost profits, and you will never be fully bankrupt thanks to foraging or the other activities. Stardew Valley does have a sort of story to it, in that you can try to rebuild the town's community center (or take a darker path), which consists of placing predefined items from the game and from all the activities into their respective bundles in the center. This will take a lot of time, and I wager I still have a long way to go yet. The few bundles I have completed fully have given me very helpful bonuses such as shortcuts through the valley, and opening entire new zones which have their own benefits. All of this is taken into consideration each day when deciding what to do, which makes day planning a very fun and interesting thing to do. Finally there is a social aspect to the game with the townsfolk, allowing you to court and marry select members, which is (as you would expect) a fairly egregious process, however quite satisfying to watch. The game also features festivals and events each season, which are a tonne of fun in and of themselves.Overall I would highly recommend this game if it looks in any way interesting to you. I can't believe what a work of art this is, and I commend ConcernedApe for his love and hard work.
Thank you for this experience.[Spoilers may or may not be implied. Be warned.]Life is Strange is an unusual ride; a blend of story and deeper meanings mixed in with some hints of the supernatural. Themes revolve around morality, decision making, what could have been, who should come out on top, or whether anyone should at all; but most of all it makes you think about basic humanitarian needs and how similar we are in the long run.Or at least it did for me. Maxine is a quiet and introverted photographer whom has returned to her home town after five years away, as such I can relate to her character in various ways. You are presented opportunities to help others at risk to your own safety, which is something I personally regret not being able to do in previous scenarios in my own life.As such, this conflicts with other characters whom may have been threatening the ones you most wished to assist, which further reinforces a feeling of loss, as they may not deserve your pity, but nonetheless are also a person, with a personality and dreams, which you have helped to hinder or obfuscate in some way in order to help your preferred character.Episode One goes along a solid path, and I will most definitely be purchasing the subsequent episodes, as I believe they will make me think and cry as I have with this episode.What a work of art.I'm not going to go into detail about the graphics or sound, but I believe they were beautiful in their own way.If you enjoy reading, listening and absorbing a fantastic story patiently, I recommend this to you.
Damn son, these dudes I know along with myself pre-ordered this when it was announced, and we proceeded to play the life out of it during the beta with our keys. At the time it was glorious, then it died off quick due to a lack of heists / goals / content & other needy whingy reasons.Then a week or so I picked it back up, and I found that we all enjoyed it again, doubly so with all the new heists, weapons, masks & prestige system. Put bluntly, Payday 2 is about roleplaying criminals performing various nefarious heists and other seedy malpractice pertaining to the lower echelons of the American law system. It can be considered hard to pick up, hard to master and hardcore to play, however once you have it down, it is a grand experience with friends and random players alike (or so I have found). The game features heists that are inspired by classic and cheesy crime films from another era, which add to the charm, and each job provides a multitude of methods to complete them, and reach that long-awaited payday (cause you need your payday, too). The soundtrack is pumping, and can be customised to play different tunes, or random ones if you so desire. The weapons are smooth, and provide great flexibility in terms of modding. There are skill trees you can specialise in, or spread over broadly to give yourself a malleable role in heists.In conclusion, this is a very good game, and has even managed to pull off DLC that contains direct reference to other games due to OVERKILL's charm with game developers like Valve & DICE.You should get it. :)
Man, considering I've pumped almost 500 hours into Warframe; a game I originally did not enjoy, I'd say its worth your time.That is, however, dependant on your viewpoints regarding both third person shooters and also science fiction themes. It also may require a bit of patience, so if that's not your thing, or you can't enjoy something for the sake of enjoyment, please, try something else.Warframe is at core, somewhat of a grindfest at current, but for some people (myself included), this can be made fun with a little imagination, and a simple appreciation of the way the game handles and looks. You play as a Warframe, whom is tasked with various objectives and goals in missions that you select from a series of nodes you unlock as you progress across a map of our galaxy. These range from Capture - wherein you chase down, and kill and then absorb a capture target, before extracting whilst being shot at by mutlitudes of enemies - to things like Survival and Defense, which involve trying to keep your life support system above 0% by slaying foes and collecting the life capsules they drop and defending a Warframe pod that contains a cryo-frozen Warframe soldier inside respectively. There are more missions, which I will not go into detail about, but they can all prove fun.The game is primarily free to play, although has a micro-transaction system in place that allows boosters, weapons and Warframes themselves to bought outright. This balances out toward people who dislike grinding to achieve things. The only things I would consider pay-to-win (and they aren't truly, as they can still be attained - though rarely - freely through alerts), are Orokin Catalysts and Orokin Reactors. These items are one-time use, and boost a weapon or Warframe's modification capacity respectively, allowing you to change and add more to the ojbect in order to increase its power or to make even cooler builds.The game up to this point was not entirely user-friendly, and much of its mechanics and nuances had to be learnt via friends or guides, or just by simply asking in game, but recently a new addition - the Codex - was added to the main menu UI that allows tutorials to be accessed freely. So that's cool.Now onto the cool part, the Warframes. They appear as exo-suits or armour that encompasses a person, and they grant mysterious and awesome powers that pertain to each different frame. Volt, for instance, has abilities that let him control and manipulate electricity in the level, killing enemies and shielding allies with it. He is just one of plenty unique frames and all are acquirable for free. Your only restraint will be slots in your inventory to hold these frames (and weapons too), though this can be increased via buying platinum - the paid currency (or trading for paltinum, if you find a rare item).Story is a bit limited at the moment, and so is the end-game. But this has been slated for fixation by the end of this year, or even earlier.To conclude, Warframe is cool.
Recommending this not just because I loved it, but it makes you think.The concepts and ideas put forth in this visual novel are fascinating, touching on morality, utopia, equality and a mix of other categories. The story is hard to grasp at first, without prior knowledge, but you do eventually slide into it, and its a tough ride to be sure. The artwork and presentation is very standard of a visual novel, in that it looks gorgeous and sounds great, and the character's text is very fluent and well edited. You essentially follow the character Winter around, (its extremely linear, as with all visual novels) and experience the story via text and choice making. Your choices can lead in various directions, allowing you to see different outcomes (make sure to save  haha); which reinforces the whole theme of the story, which revolves around managing Chaos on remote worlds.I greatly enjoyed this experience, and will definitely be buying the second episode when it releases so as to learn even more. Bloody beautiful.
