Uncharted for PC. This was the first time I had ever played a Tomb Raider game, and I very much enjoyed my experience. The game feels very reminiscent of the Uncharted series on Playstation, and I mean that in the best sense possible. Whether it be the lovely and complex level design, the third-person parkour and enjoyable combat systems, or the focus on a well-built plot paired with decent character development + decent cut scenes makes the game awesome in literally every aspect. Play it, enjoy it and never look back.
Grid 2 is certainly one of the best racing games I've played in a long time. The controls feel very fluid and the graphics are great, there's hardly any complaints I could make. Asides from the core components being present, and the game being built very well, I thoroughly enjoyed every minute of the game that I played. Great racing game, will be buying GRID 3 for sure.
It's certainly a great parody of the plethora of other simulation games that are everywhere on steam, and Goat Simulator delivers as a fun, quick game to muck around in. It's only a very short game, and will only really provide a few hours of fun at most, but the price tag is representative of this fact. Great game to let a friend play and screw around in, this game delivers in being different, funny and absolutely ridiculous at times.
Finally, the multiplayer was given a shake-up to refresh an old and long-repeated system, which really made this game stand out from the other 10 games in the series. It's a real shame there's hardly a community on PC, because I would've sunk many more hours into this, had there been an active and thriving community.
- Stunning art & level design.- Decent story. - Polished, enjoyable gameplay.- Solid combat systems.- Epic narration.Complete package, perfect indie title.
The most enjoyable First Person Shooter you will ever play. The gameplay and multiplayer all just feels so fluent and smooth, it's competetive and simple, but still complex and challenging enough to keep you coming back for more. The DLC's are also reasonable value for money, unlike what you'd expect from Battlefield 3 or 4. The art style is fun, it's relaxed and not overdone with millions of attachments and weapons to overwhelm you. Vehicle gameplay in BC2 is done right, with a large variety of vehicles to choose from which will be useful in almost every situation imaginable.  This was the last Battlefield game which had truly great level design, and a decent dog tag / knifing action. Grabbing someone's tags in this game means so much more than any other Battlefield, the knife gameplay is absolutely addictive and actually takes a reasonable amount of skill and timing, unlike what you'll find in the luck-of-the-draw systems which seem to be in the newer Battlefield titles. All in all, great game. 10/10
