When L4D was first released, there was a lot of publicity on the vaunted AI Director and how it makes the game more dynamic and unpredictable. After many hours of gameplay, I think I've finally figured out how the AI Director really works. In a nutshell, it involves attacking the players with hordes of zombies whenever nothing has happened for awhile. The developers of Payday were so impressed with the AI Director, they recently announced that Payday 2 will have a L4D style AI Director. So I imagine in Payday 2, while you're robbing a Bank and nothing is happening, you'll be attacked by hordes of zombies. Not sure how immersive that would be, but it's definitely a brave innovation in a world of cookie-cutter games. Personally I think the developers of Payday should have been more impressed by how seamlessly L4D handles drop-in and put that in Payday 2. But whatever. L4D is just good old-fashioned mindless co-op zombie-killing fun.
The Gods are angry. Calamity wracks the land and ravening hordes of mythical creatures are attacking hapless tax-dodging villages all over Greece. In this hour of dire need, even the Spartan King Leonidas (taking a break from kicking innocent Persians into deep holes and prancing about in a leather jockstrap and cape) has joined forces with their ancient enemies the Greeks. Perhaps the Gods are sick of yet another Greek bailout, or perhaps the Centaurs are livid at being sold Horse Meat Lasagne. Who knows. Greece needs a mighty hero (and probably better Beef inspectors). Are you up to the challenge?Published in 2006, TQ is an excellent Action RPG that has aged very well and a game I still play. To be properly playable, the expansion Immortal Throne is mandatory. As is the Titan Quest Fanpatch 1.17a, the Patchfix for Fanpatch 1.17, SSTQDefilerNET (RNG Function Fix, Slow Cast Fix) and TQ Vault (an out-of-game inventory management program to preserve your sanity). For truely mighty heroes, the following mods are recommended: 'm4ssboss3s-clean' and 'monsters-xmax'.
Payday is all about masterminding audacious daylight robberies right under the noses of effete law-enforcement agencies. Surprisingly, this game has nothing to do with Wall Street, CEO stock-options or Toll Roads. It's robbery old school style with guns. The game itself is a lot of fun but the enjoyment is vitiated by an atrociously annoying immersion-breaking teeth-gnashing rage-inducing drop-in mechanic. The game freezes while connection is being established and this can take several minutes for foreign connections. If someone in Uzbekistan on 56Kbps dial-up tries to connecting to your game, the Sun will go Nova before the game starts. Why can't it be seamless like L4D?
Based on the inimitable trading card game -Magic: The Gathering- where you play a duelling Planeswalker travelling the multiverse randomly picking fights with other Planeswalkers. Duelling is accomplished by buying endless amounts of cards and the winner is the one who can buy the most cards. Where the real Magic happens is in the surreptitious way the game -'Planeswalk-' money out of your bank account leaving behind worthless cardboard like the calling cards (so to speak) of a serial killer murdering your net worth. It-'s a process so brazenly ruthless and brutally efficient it makes even the most avaricious of Investment Bankers blush with embarrassment. Even Blizzard is jealous. Duels of the Planeswalkers 2013 is the computerised rendition of Magic for those who want to play cardboard Magic but can-'t afford a second mortgage or don-'t have kids they can sell on eBay. Fans of TCGs will probably like this game. Everyone else... probably not?
