For the first release of this game this is amazing. Many have been waiting for a new golf game for PC and the wait is over.GRAPHICSGraphics are good, but the early release lacks advanced graphics settings so the quality is limited at the moment. With a bit of anti aliasing it would look great. Not sure if its just me but the sky and trees often 'flicker' during animations and transitions but small things like that are to be expected during early access and its by no means gamebreaking. Trees are reasonably good - a bit more variety would be good but they look nice.EDIT: Flickering seems to be gone.GAMEPLAYThe gameplay is heaps of fun, but I think it might get boring quickly as it's a little too easy. This release lacks difficulty settings and the current difficulty can be mastered in minutes. I'm not sure about the putting - judging power is very hard as there's almost no indication of the required power, it's just guesswork. But in saying that I feel that the difficult putting helps to make the game a bit more challenging. I have only used a controller which makes short work of hitting the ball. I feel that there needs to be something else in the swing mechanics - timing maybe. It's just a bit too easy to hit a perfect shot nearly every time. The physics is excellent - the ball spins as you would expect and interacts well with different surfaces.COURSE CREATORI have spent 3-4 hours in the course creator and so far it's great. I don't think there is an option to start blank (without generated holes) which would be great. It lags a little every time you make a change to the course which gets annoying - especially when adding trees. The edge of farways can sometimes get a little funky for no reason but it can be fixed with a bit of playing around. Other than that it's great. I've had a lot of fun playing peoples creations and there's heaps of variety in the user-created courses.SUGGESTIONSOne thing really lacking at the moment is customization and I'm sure it's coming in the future. You can currently choose between a few golfers and change the colour of your clothes which is fine for now. Hopefully there will be a store of some kind where I can purchase clubs, balls, clothing, etc. with money I've earned playing tours. Using the Imperial system is killing me - I can't find a setting to change to metric (tell me if there is one) which makes it hard for me to replicate local courses in the creator. I'd like to see an XP system implemented to increase your ability as you level up/gain XP. Overall, The Golf Club is an excellent golf game and it's only going to get better as new updates are released. Thank you for filling hole that was left after Tiger Woods Online shut down.
It's alright.
