Batman: Arkham City is overwhelmingly great and atmospheric, everything in this game is great, more than great. The graphics, the sound effects and especially the music, the gameplay, and the storyline. Arkham City is one of the best games ever.  For me the thing that made Arkham City beautiful the most is its storyline and combat system.  The story has dozens of surprises, easter eggs for example, dozens of them that has connections with the main story, the sidequests and collectibles (riddler trophies unlockables like interview tapes) supports the main story giving the player background and an idea about key characters in the game. The game has a complete feeling when you finish it, the story isn't vague, not confusing, has few flaws, the storyline is nearly perfect. Plus the history of Arkham Asylum gives the game more background.BTW, I played the game for more than 80 hours, Steam didn't record my playtime when I'm offline.Still, Poison Ivy and Catwoman are so hot.9.8 + .2 for Catwoman's sexy a$$.10/10 would like to see Poison Ivy's vines all around Catwoman again
When I finished L.A. Noire's main storyline, I felt emotional. It was unacceptable for me when it ended, the game felt so perfect, so fresh and new, so unique. L.A. Noire is another FEEL TRIP type of game, a good one, its a game where it bested some legitimately good hollywood movies -- yes, it feels like your in a movie, its like a movie-game hybrid. The story is ♥♥♥♥♥♥IC, the gameplay is GTA mashed with CHRISTIAN VALUES, sounds and graphics are GOOD, people can RELATE to the characters + the characters are strong. The game is going to be an UNFORGETTABLE FEEL TRIP.9.5/10 would feel emotional again.
Don't be fooled by my playtime, I didn't play for 50.4 hours, I played Hitman: Absolution for almost 95 hours (Steam didn't record my offline time), the game's stealth is pretty good, the gameplay is great. You might be wondering how I got  90 hours of gameplay, well the thing is there are multiple ways of assassinating the targets, there are many possibilities of how you execute your targets from going in loud and dumb to going in undetected like a ghost. The story is okay, felt pretty plain to me, the story lacked something unique/unforgettable, but ITS OKAY. The stealth is GOOD. Gameplay is GOOD. Sounds and graphics are GREAT. Agent 47 is a BADASS. It is REPLAYABLE.I'd rate it a 7.5/10.
Call of Juarez: Gunslinger is one hell of a ROLLERCOASTER RIDE, the game is some INTENSE action piece of good wonderful piece of sh!t. Its UNIQUE, its a cowboy version of that sh!t game COD, its BETTER than COD, heck COD can go suck Juarez's cactus balls. Well, Call of Juarez: Gunslinger may have LACKED multiplayer and co-op but its still more ENJOYABLE than most FPS. The story is like a CLINT EASTWOOD themed ROLLERCOASTER with a narrator, packed with so much action, the graphics are COMIC style (is pretty good to look at, especially when you're at those mountain levels with orange trees and sh!t) in other words, the map environment is SO GOOD. The big downfall of Call of Juarez: Gunslinger was its brevity + it aint replayable, BUT its worth trying.7.5/10 would dodge bullets like Spider-Man again
Sleeping Dogs is a good game, it has so much content to offer(eating noodles, doing martial arts, street races, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on toilets, dating women, kicking demon balls) its like a more SANE version of Saints Row III, an ASIAN version of GTA IV, and a BETTER game than that piece of ♥♥♥♥ Watch Dogs. Sleeping Dogs is a LEGITIMATE game, its GOOD, the storyline is WELL WRITEN, its pretty EMOTIONAL, and ATMOSPHERIC at the end part, its WORTH playing. Well, I did ENJOY playing it, the story is a roller coaster ride, so many ups and down, there are so many FEELS in this game too, that I nearly sweat my eyes -- I-'m being serious. BUT it couldve been so much more, it had potential to be one of those NEARLY -almost-perfect game-, but it missed something crucial, it feels like the developers could-'ve add something to make it more beautiful. STILL, its a LEGIT game. play it.7.8/10 would become asian again
Great horror game, it has been a long time since I have played a good horror game and not only is Outlast a horror gme, it is also a intense survival game. The sound effects and voice acting are great, the graphics are good and when you use night-vision, the game looks more realistic, the night-vision adds atmosphere to the game and the great music builds tension, also adds more atmosphere to the game. The storyline of Outlast is OK, its atmospheric, but it would be better if you played the DLC (Whistleblower) after finishing Outlast.
Grand Theft Auto IV + Far Cry = Just Cause 2.
Pretty sure I saw some testicles in this game
