Probably the best FPS out there. It's fun, fast, a potato could run it and it dosen't have like 10 billion dlc's. Why is CS:GO better than other FPS games such as COD? Because it is addictive, and has a healthy growth in the community population. This game is 3 years in and still going strong, in fact stronger than ever. Its community has expanded a lot, with now over 6 hundred thousand players at peak. See the steam graph here: http://steamcharts.com/app/730. A reason why it is better than its rivals is because it doesn't die off in a few years. Take COD: MW1 for an example. No doubt it was a great game, with great single player and revolutionary multiplayer, but it is dying. Why? Due to lack of support from its devs and lack of content. CS:GO technically could have unlimited game modes, due to the game's support of community made mods which are player made and player funded. This ability to mod the game allows for new gamemodes and thousands of hours of more fun than just vanilla CS:GO. Even vanila CS:GO is still very enjoyable even with 500+ hours on it. Overall, a great game for its price, and almost unlimited things to do.
Assassins Creed Unity has really dissapointed gamers. At first I thought that all the bugs and framerate issues couldn't be that bad, so i bought it. Worst. Mistake. Ever. At first, the game seems fairly good. You start in a sort of tutorial mission which teaches you most of the mechanics. Then you become an novice assassin and start with some weak gear. You then look at all the things you can customize. Cool! Not really. Most of the items you will probably never acquire throughout the game, due to lack of steady income, unless you fully renovate the Cafe Theater. The main storyline was actually okay, probably one of the only good aspects of this game. I remember the game bugging me and saying that i should upgrade my gear before I started a quest. Yeah, thanks game for reminding me that I have to get better gear with money that I don't have. Paris Stories were awful. Literally no different from one another. Go steal something, go assassinate one guy in the streets etc. ONE GUY. Come on Ubisoft, at least make the paris stories even slightly more interesting or different. You won't come back to this game once the main storyline is finished. Why? because there is absolutley nothing to do. Multiplayer is empty. No-one plays it, so you can forget about that feature entirely. Any side quest there are is usually drab and boring. Overall this is a game which can probably keep you occupied for a short period of time. Its definitely not worth the money. Go get Black Flag and save some money for another game. Seriously its a real shame that the newest AC game is so terrible.
died from sitting in a car 11/10
Planetside 2 is a incredibly fun game, and also a very unique game. Instead of small servers with about 20-30 people, Planeside 2 has 4 HUGE SERVERS, like 500-600 people on at any given time. It is a great game, due to the fact that it is very huge and has many areas for large battles to take place in. Sadly, although there is many places capable to support huge battles, rarely do these areas actually see fighting. Most fights are skirmishes between 12-24 people to take or retake an outpost. The launch trailer shows this game as a game which is about a gruesome war. However, in game the graphics and the environment have bright colours and beautiful landscapes. All that hype of a war zone is gone. In fact, the landscape hardly shows any sign of warfare. Taking outposts is fairly boring and pointless, only allowing the next outpost to be taken. Only large outposts like Amp Stations and Bio Labs have strategic value. Adding more value to outposts and increasing the sense that the players actions have effects on the world and the war would improve the game a lot. 7/10
Here is what you do in this game:1. Hide from Robots2. Steal tools, food and other supplies3. Walk for miles on end to look for these purple rocks or something idunno4. Drop a lot of good loot to pick it up5. Walk back to standing stones to put the stone in and save the game6. Walk for miles on end again7. Have tea break8. Get drunk9. Find guns10. Laugh as you mercilessly slaughter robots11. Realise you have no ammo left12. Repeat from step 111/10
Command a bunch of peasants that stand in a line and shoot at other people in lines. 10/10
I haven't played much, but by the looks of it, it seems fun.
