After accidentally closing my eyes to blink while tasking my first batch of villagers, I opened them to find everyone dead from starvation except five children. Thankfully there were enough cabbages in storage for them to survive for two years until they grew up. After tasking them as fishermen on a nearby river I learned fishermen can consistently fish about three fish a year, enough to sustain almost 0.000001% of my population. As my village began to grow once more I felt the shattered fragments of my soul beginning to piece themselves back together. However, six fishermen in a village of seven people was not enough, and I quickly learned this as I watched all my young adults starve once more. I still had two people left. As they progressively had more and more sex and my incestual village was for the third time repopulated I knew what I had to do. Farms were the only way out. Now I have a monopoly on the cabbage industry, and even now my 4000 cabbages each harvest is not enough to sustain my village of twenty people. As I watch those I love slowly starve, I can't help but remind myself through the many tears that flood my room what a great game banished is. 10/10 would starve the incestual children again.
Zombie dogs, hornets and bears, oh my! Have you ever wanted to be mauled by a zombified dog? Ever wanted to be driven insane by a faint buzzing that tells you there's still a damned hornet flying around SOMEWHERE? Ever wanted to need a change of pants as you realise there's a bear charging at you? If you answered yes to any of these questions, then I suggest you immediately seek professional psychiatric help. Otherwise, you'll soon change your mind when you play this game! Never before has hiding in a tiny square for half an hour every in-game night been so fun! The game's simple, first you kill all the zombies around you and gather materials for a stone axe. Then you kill all the zombies that have spawned around you again while you were gathering the materials and craft the stone axe. Then you kill the zombie which slapped you in the face while you were in the crafting menu and put the stone axe in your invontory. Then you use it to kill the horde that's shuffling towards you. Congratulations! You've completed your first means of gathering resources. Just be careful that the trees which you cut down with it don't kill you, because they will if they hit you. By following a few simple rules, you can ensure that your seven days to die experience is a fun and safe experience for the whole family:- Build a house- Fight zombies during the day- Cry and change the colour of your underwear at night- Find new underwear and fight zombies during the day- Soil your new underwear during the night- RepeatCongratulations! You've now mastered 7 Days to Die. 10/10 would melt lead items in my house again.
Now when you boot up a game called 'Undertale' you half expect it to be about an underdog. Well there were certainly dogs. I was not disappointed. From dogs to 'temmies' to weird turtles hanging out in caves and handing out sea tea to random children... Undertale is a game of discovery and wonder. The game where you 'don't have to kill anyone' is merely twisting the truth, however. I was most definitely forced to kill my sides. In fact, my sides were brutally murdered since I died laughing; I was questioning my sexuality at one turn and my moral values at the next. One would think such a 'retro' game wouldn't have much replayability. In this instance, one would be incredibly stupid since the average player plays through this entire thing three times. Why? Because of the dog song. Perhaps it's also got to do with the fact that the developers decided to use not one, but THREE main storylines for their game. But I think it's the dog song, personally. Not only is this the first time I've ever seen someone appropriately use the Comic Sans font, even if it is on a boneheaded character, but the game is also host to one of the most appealing and charming casts I've ever seen in a 'mostly' child-friendly game. My first playthrough left me with satisfaction overflowing from my robotic-gameshow-host-shaped-heart, and at the end of my second, I was not crying but had merely caught something in my eyes. That something was tears. Now, with my third and final playthrough ahead of me, I am brimming with excitement. I am a mouse, and I'm so close to the cheese. The thought that one day I'll leave my hole and finally taste that cheese of victory through the finalisation of this game fills me with something. It fills me with... determination.
Life can be good, but there's a problem. You can't murder your friends in real life. That's where Battleblock Theatre comes into play. If you've ever wished you could pick up your friend and chuck them into a giant laser beam that has the intensity of the sun then A) please don't try it at home, and B) buy this game before performing C, C) try this at home. An almost equally fun aspect of Battleblock Theatre is the sophisticated and mature narration which takes place. For example: 'Just run like you've got diarreah, and it's starting to come out... a little bit.' The dark and brooding story of cat overlords and the sinking of your extremely happy friendship ship has obviously left you so mentally scarred that you NEED to kill your friends (just go with it, it's as good an excuse as any). I've never been made more bloodthirsty by such a brightly coloured game. 10/10 would murder for friendship again.
If there were ever a way to make the murder of hundreds of innocent villagers child-friendly and guilt free, it's this game. It's a true wonder from my childhood that, because I've researched atheism in the past, has another two-hundred and eighty four years left before it wins me the game. Thankfully, my understanding of the possibility that god isn't real has also allowed me to hire spies for a far cheaper price. All that's left is to figure out why. In the meantime though, I can safely say that Age of Empires is a well-balanced and realistic game where seige rams move faster than racecars when full of armoured soldiers, and you can set fire to buildings with swords and javelins. Perhaps even better, the longbowmen can hit a castle and the castle do a thing about it, because only the British know how to get a bow, and make another one using a bigger stick. Thankfully there are counters to these longbowmen. You know those guys who come to your door and want to talk about Jesus? They annoy the enemies so much in this game that the enemies will actually join your side to shut them up. Just hire on of them to ask that pesky longbowmen 'Wolololo' (that roughly translates to 'Sir, do you have a moment to talk about our lord and saviour Jesus Christ?') and he'll be shooting YOUR enemies castle faster than you can say 'I serve the anti-christ'. Just make sure that your guy has other guys spurring him on with encouraging chants, because those chants can heal arrow wounds. Just like they thought magic words and chants could heal fatal wounds in ancient times, they actually can in this game. The joy doesn't end there though; there's everything from villagers able to kill armed calvary to seige ongars that will happily crush the people who should be operating them. Speaking of which, no one has to man the seige weapons. How great is medieval AI!? 10/10 would wolololo enemy troops again.
