u can makez dah shipz spaceship/69
Pros: Perfect to find your gay male mates! Cons: Lots of creepy guys drooling over cat ears.
Viewing FIrewatch as a game where you have objectives is not the way to view this. View it more like an experiance, sure there is objectives you need to do, but that's not the point. It is an immersive experiance, it can only be enjoyed if you are getting into the game and focuses on whats going on in the game and feeling the same feelings the characters give out.I honestly got scared, Not the kind of horror game scared but a different kind. You will understand what I mean if you played the game, i don't want to spoil anything. The ending was fine, no big twist or some big event. It was interesting I felt dissapointed just like my character I was playing. I would reccomend this game to people who like to play games for an emotional experiance instead of playing it, expecting it to be a full fledge game.
Best cleaning game ever!
Not a big review guy but all the negative review, I feel like I should review my opinions.Specs:2x980ti (was not using SLI during this time)i7-6770k running at the retail clockspeed of 4Ghz32GB DDR4 RAMRunning the game at max settings on a 3440x1440 ultrawide monitorProformance:I do go down to around 40ish frames for a couple of seconds now and then, nothing that will ruin my fun.Most of the time I checked, I was above 70FPS. So the proformance for me was no issue, not saying that the game doesn-'t have issues. Just I don-'tStarting out:I started out on a planet that was a bit hard to move around with all its -lumpyness-. This did make it a bit harder for me to gather what I needed to repair my ship and get stared.Ship up and running:Once I was able to fly I stuck to the same planet, just to explore waypoints, I never read much about this game and I thought there was limited waypoints, THERE IS A POOP TON! So around this time I was finding Knowledge stones to learn languages to communicate to the NPCs. My friend reminded me that if I discover all the creatures on the planet I get a big credit reward. So I did that.Leaving the planet:I got all the creatures, claimed my 225,000 credit reward and wen-'t to the next planet in the solar system to discover those. I traveled, met NPCs and used my language knowledge to give them what they want and get rewarded for doing so. I explored waypoints, upgreaded bag slots and bought new multitools and kept on upgrading. But my main focus was language and creatures! So I explored for almost 4 hours now and I am still on the first solar system, There is 4 planets and 1 moon. I am on my last planet, then I want to go travel to another system. Did it live up to my expectations?:I was not apart of the hype train, I first saw the game years ago and decided that I might get it, All the news, all he hype building. I stayed away from, I made myself think this game is going to fail. The day before it releases I buy it and play it as soon as its out, I enjoy it and it beats my expectations! I am just still starting out and I have not left my system yet! I already got 5 hours of playtime! What dissapointed me about the game?:The flying was not what I expected, I would reccoment using a controller, but even then it isn-'t the best.
