the game is really fun. its a roguelike turn-based, grid-based rpg with an emphasis on survival, rather than killing everything. however, i cant say this game is good because of one solitary fact...i cant set my character name as -stutter-. i dont know what the hell is innapropriate about the word -stutter-. maybe that word went to chun-softs house and murdered his family, maybe thats why. but i doubt that.
-5 STARS! A+! 4 MORE STARS!- is wah i wish i could say for this game. now dont get me wrong, this game is phenomenal, but there are issues.firstly the good:-the graphics:for an indie game, this game looks awesome! the enemies are varied and unique (most of the time), the particle effects are spot on, and the backdrops are beatiful. i-'d put them in a frame if i had a printer.-the music: it is again, very good. a very ambient, but somewhat blood-pumping sci-fi alien (almost metroid like) soundtrack. pretty much my favourite bits would be the guitar riffs in level 1 :)-the Gameplay:solid movement and hit detection. i never over estimate a jump. little to no glitches. and a fool proof way to stop people from farming the same mobs endlessly (that difficulty meter that fills as you spend more time in a stage. GENIUS.)and did i mention mulltiplayer. because that is important. this game is worlds bette rwith multiplayer as you and your frined muck about and get killed. alot.now the bad...-graphics arent everything and in a game where the very asthectic is a simple but appealing 32 bit pixel asthetic, its hard to complain. but in later levels of the game (or just later difficulties)i would continually lose myself in the swarm of mobs and lose a chunk of my health because i couldnt see my tiny-as-an-atom charecter amongst all of these behemoths who were similarly colured, and end up accidentally jumping off a platform.-the difficulty meter/timer is, as i said earlier: genius. but it fills a little too quickly. during the early hours of the game i found myself getting crushed by mobs as they were continually getting stronger at an alarming rate, while i  was struggling to pick them off. if i may present a solution to this problem: allow the player to pick how quickly they want the difficulty meter to filleasy mode might be 8 mins to get from very easy > easy, normal can be the standard time, and hard can be 2-3 minutes between difficulties.------so despite the minor flaws with the game (and me sounding a little pretentious during this review), this game is definiteley worth your time for those who have never tried a rogue-lite game before. the multiplaayer is a great way for you to learn with a friend, and once your done learning, you-'ll see theres more depth, more challenge, than what you were already presented with (and you already had alot to begin with!)4/5 stars :)
like many a review of this game on the internet, this review will just be about praise for this game.this game, though not without flaws, is a shining example amongst indie games, and what just a few people can do in a short time.firstly the good stuff:-the game is visually impressive, being very colourful, flashy, yet simple. it easily cathces your attention.-has a superb dubstep soundtrack and it only gets larger the more CD's you get (even if it is very limited)-simple, easily understood controls that allow for well, simple and difficult gameplay.-an upgrade system that simultaneously unlocks new abilities and songs for (via the aformentioned CD's)-fun, addictive, arcade style gamplay that you can just pick up.now the bad:-while the contrls are easily understood, the game itself doenst convey how to use the controls very well-there is no way to check the controls again once you've started playing.-the graphics options are limited at best, and the resolution options are pretty bad.-no online rankings as of yet (i hear that will be fixed soon though)-severe lack of modes and different playstyles (the game couldve benefitted greatly from having an unlockable charecter or two).-post game is severly lacking, and being so short, you need something to rope you players back in (again, unlockable charecters)-and finally, you cant buy the soundtrack from steam. this seems like a minor thing, but after playing this for about 3 hours, i wanted to support the devs by buying there soundtrack, and lo and behold, you can't.overall, the game, while a bucket load of fun and value ($2 people), it has an even greater amount of minor flaws that hold it back from being a perfect arcade-e, style shoot em up sort of game (i have no clue what genre this game is).when the kinks are ironed out, and an extra charecter is added, then i can whole heartedly give this a 9/10, but until then its a 7/10.
its really f***ing hard guys. but fun :D
