played a little, its alright.
More team work that Team fortress 2 or CSGO ( fight me) set in a beautiful steampunk environment. What really makes this game is the fantastic community.
Can confirm, this is the beta test for tf3 More hats, hats are stackable. due to the recent addition of birds there are some balance issues.
game falsly advertises. Is better optimized for playing with two fingers. otherwise its pretty great.
Have you ever wanted to betray your friends and neighbors? now you can with zero consequences.
Manly tears were shed over this game.
Dark souls is an amazing game. There I said it. This is a good game, it really is as fun as people say it is. However, whoever decided that this version was good enough to release on the PC was clearly not putting in the effort that this game deserves. If you do decide to play it the DS fixes are a must have although they are difficult to install.  I was first tipped off to how bad of a PC port this was when i noticed that the controls posted to do certain things were configured for an xbox. I know that many people play this game with an xbox controller on the PC because they claim it is easier. I play it with a mouse and keyboard. The controls are awkward but not a deal breaker. However, that the controls in your item menu screen are xbox controls and not PC ones for a game of this quality on steam no less, feels like a bad emulator of a game for another system not a professional release.That is just minor stuff though. This is the big kicker for me: the lag, oh the lag. The lag makes it so that randomly your game will freeze even in offline mode and force you to shutdown the program. I can live with that. for a good game, it is worth it. since the game saves every ten seconds this doesnt seem like such a big deal. But, the game does not save during a boss fight. if your game quits out in the middle of a boss fight, you start the fight over. usually this isn't such a big deal, you can fight the boss and beat it between lag spikes usually. However, some bosses, are tanks and they require quite a bit to grind down. This is where the problem is. If you get a lag spike during these boss fights, all your hard work and all the items you spent fighting it are gone. Gone. you have to start over. At the time of writing I have just killed a boss I have had to fight nine times not because i died to it that many times but because each time the game lagged and froze and I had to restart my computer. Moreover, it froze and forced me to quit right after I killed the boss and guess what? Didn't count, I have to fight the boss all over again! I am running it on the lowest graphics setting I can on a good computer to by the way.I would like to give this game a good review. I really would. The enemies are challenging and fun, the level design is fantastic the artwork even on low graphics is amazing. But, sadly the hard work of the developers has been spoiled because someone was too lazy to make a proper PC port of this game. I have heard that dark souls two is significantly better and that it runs much smoother. Good I say, but, I payed for THIS version of Darksouls with the understanding that while not exactly intended for the PC it would function on the PC. what I have gotten is a game that has broken even with numerous patches that clearly needs more work. I sadly regret paying 20 dollars for it and am glad I did not spend more on it. I would like to see this game succeed, I really would but, at the same time I am angry because what I payed for was not what I got. I will probably keep playing it in the hopes that maybe it will work this time but, all and all I am dissatisfied with the minimal level of functionality this game has on a PC.
