Great game, only crashes when you are using too much CPU power for me. I can blow everything up, and when I use too much CPU, that includes my computer! I can run it though with my horrible CPU at 60+ fps on medium, and I am using a i3-4130 with a GTX 960 Overclocked DIRECT CU II 2gb whatever. This is a really good game and I haven't even beat it, I've just been flying around or driving cars. I don't know how this will go for recording on to my youtube channel though :/
Really good game. The drift physics are fun and the multiplayer keeps me entertained. You can tune your cars and even though you may start with a terrible car, you can mod it to be like superman if he was a car. but with these pros there still comes cons. Here is a list for those who can't read poorly formated text:Pros: - Good drift physics (really fun and challenging if you have a faster car, but still fun)- Tunable cars (Really entertaining, and keeps you playing, also the possibilitys are endless)- Many variations in cars- Multiplayer (both lan and online multiplayer)- More features are still to come as this is not a finished gameCons:- Most Quality Graphics?? This is not a game for testing your new Nvidia Titan X. Quake has better graphics.although the only reason why I would say the graphics aren't good is because of the models, they are low poly however the car models are fine, just the map and such. The textures maybe a little too. The graphics are playable and decent though- FPS cap. So we don't have much of a graphics intensive game, which may be good for you guys with not so good specs, but now we have bumped into an fps cap :/ However, this will probably be removed in the future.- People who crowd around multiplayer and crash into you. (Collision atleast in spawn needs to be off)Overall, the game is great, and is like Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas drifting but in one game, and improved in all the ways possible but graphics. Hopefully someone can make an enb mod for this :P
Grand theft auto IV is a awesome game, But I am warning you downloading GTA IV off steam is not a good idea (anymore)if you are looking to play online. GFWL is saying that all CD - Keys from Steam are invalid. Please get this game else where.
Really great game, the developers are helping the community by bringing modding support in the future. Driving mechanics nice, however update frequency is quite low. Although we aren't given much updates, when we get them the updates are awesome and fully packed, unlike Beam.ng drive which updates only for one paintjob they added.
ehh it's alright i guess
Amazing. Blow up everything, including your computer.
