The Binding Of Isaac is a simple but fun indie game.You play as a young boy named Isaac who is forced to face the evil beings of his basement and further on. There are several stages, but to continue each floor, you have to beat a boss. The dungeons and rooms are randomly generated, so that each time you play everything is different. The creator did an amzing job with this point.There are several characters to unlock, by completing challenging objectives to play as them.Lots of items inhabit the dungeons going from a rail from pointless to very helpfull.This game is amazing without the dlc, with so much contect and area to explore each time you play.Few rooms contain slot machines, a devil, and many more.I find this game amazing for its price and would pick it up any day. An absolute well done to the team who made the game.I rate this game 9/10.
If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double-crust pie Directions:1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing.
Starbound is a stunning and fun game that is easy to learn and play by yourself, or even with others.You can choose your race and customise the appearance of your character. You are spawned in a random planet that is chosen by the computer from a variety of worlds.Similar to Terraria, you have to scavenge for supplies, weapons, and resourses to build a home and live in a safe, friendly environment. Except in Starbound you don't live on just one planet for the whole time.You can gather fuel such as xoal for your ship to run, and take you to a new, and completely different planet filled with totoally new generated caves, enemies, dungeons and many more.As Starbound is still in Early Access, i think the directors of this games have done and outstanding job so far. I think this game deserves a 8.5/10 based on the early access stage.
Amazing game, I play it everyday and have been for 2 years.From Competative to casual, or even community servers, theres something here for every FPS player.Most people will enjoy it, but it is a very different FPS to alot of others.I would rate this game 8/10 and you should for sure pick this game up if you havent.Updated 27/03/2015
This is an excellent game.It is easy to learn the basics, and start off being a learner in the heisting buisiness. There is a huge range of masks, weapons, and even mods to make you guns better and more comfortable to play with.You can customise your masks by colour, material and much more. Sometimes after a heist, you may need to hold out survive to escape the rotting cells of jail. Once finishing a heist, you can choose between 3 cards - which you can unlock new masks, weapons, and mods.I strongly recommend this game and is worth every minute of playing. A definite buy.
This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing fun. You get to run around shooting psychos, the humour is great, and theres so much variety. There are 4 characters to choose from just in the base game without the DLC, and all give a fun playtime. There are plenty of missions, and will keep you busy and intrigued for hours. I personally like zero the most.Very fun.
