Arma 3 is a ridiculously complicated military simulator which includes 7 buttons just to look around (that is if you're too special to use the mouse like everyone else). You can play through a bunch of single player scenarios which subject you to taking down the odd bad guy, while knowing that a single stray bullet could end your life. These scenarios are all pretty much the same, move on to the next town, take out the five random guys that are wandering around armed with assault rifles, then repeat. It's multiplayer that makes this game shine, a bunch of modded servers like the immensely popular 'Altis Life' mode in which you can play as a civilian or cop. As a civilian you'll buy your drivers license, set off to a life of adventure, get robbed, stripped naked and kneecapped before being abandonded in the desert. In your next life you'll probably head over to the cocaine field to try and make some easy drug money, right? Wrong. As you fill your pockets with unprocessed cocaine (which look suspiciously like rotten cabbages) you'll likely run into a group of like-minded rebels who will make it their business to brutally kill you and take all of your items which you worked so hard for. Then you respawn with nothing and do it all again. As a cop you'll try to stop this from happening, but you'll probably just taze the wrong guy, run him over, then try to pretend like you never did it. You'll brutally murder a bunch of people completely on accident, that is to say, you pull a guy over for speeding, he annoys you so much that you shoot him with your tazer. Then he has a bad reaction to the tazer and the next thing you know you're cleaning up a dead body.Honestly, do I need to say anymore?
The Walking Dead: Season 2 puts you in control of young girl Clemintine, introduced in Season 1, during the zombie apocalaypse. Along the way you'll meet new companions, fight for your life and make some of the hardest choices you can think of. Your morales will be tested, as you are forced to make decisions that will change the entire experience. Right from the word go you'll be sucked in to the story, feeling for all of the characters and by the end of it you'll wonder where all of your time went. The characters are immensely powerful and when you finally reach the rollercoaster of an ending, you will be left with (in my opinion) some of the toughest decisions in gaming.I would HIGHLY reccomend this game, it surpasses the first game and replaces it in the spot of my favourite game of all time. Definetely play the first game first (it's awesome), THEN play this one. It is spectacular. Telltale has delivered the two best games I have ever played, trust me, you don't want to miss out.
BUY IT.
If you have a couple of friends who like co-op games, then Payday 2 might be the game for you! Bank Robbery Simulator 2014 is full of varied heists, weapons and awesome looking masks. You'll zip-tie hostages, yell guards into submission, cut down waves of incredibly under-trained SWAT soldiers and make a load of cash while you're at it. You can choose to complete heists using stealth, using silenced weapons and signal jammers to finish the mission. Or you can go guns-blazing, equipping flak jackets and assault rifles to bring down hundreds of your foes. Some of the DLC packs are also well worth it, and silently pulling off a particularly difficult heist with your friends is immensely satisfying. This game is well worth the few dollars it costs, and you'll have countless hours of fun while playing. Take note that the single-player is no where NEAR the quality and standard of co-op, and poor teammate AI will seriously bring you down.As long as you have friends to play with, I can almost be certain that you will love this game.Bring on Payday 3!
Assassin's Creed Brotherhood isn't a whole lot different than it's predecessor, Assassin's Creed 2, but the few changes are for the better and make this game a hugely enjoyable experience. You continue to play as Ezio Auditore from AC:2, an assassin living in Renaisance Italy. Full of awesome action, believable characters and some crazy new weapons like the crossbow, this game is definetely worth your time and money. I would rate this game a solid 8/10 and would easily reccomend it as one of the best Asssassin Creed games, right behind AC:2.*By the way, don't be fooled by my low hours on this review (6.9 at time of posting), I have played through the entire game before, having only bought it on Steam very recently.
Half-Life 2 was created by Valve in 2004 and still holds up, ten years later. You play as Gordon Freeman, a scientist with a shotgun and a gravity gun! The graphics aren't fantastic by today's standards but you can imagine how great they would have been upon the 2004 release. You get control of a diverse range of weapons and vehicles, facing countless different enemies, from zombies to trigger happy law enforcers. Set in a dystopian world, the game has huge variation in level design and crushing combine soldeirs with a huge metal crate lifted by a magnetised crane never gets old. One of the best things however, is the awesome physics engine this game has to offer. You can use your gravity gun to move objects around you, often rewarding you with the satisfaction of firing a metal disc to take a zombie's head off. This game can be found on the steam store for cheap and will be well worth your money. I say bring on Half-Life 3!
When I hear that 'The Walking Dead' was a point-and-click game by Telltale studios I was really surprised. I couldn't imagine such a complicated concept to be used with such a basic idea. Don't get me wrong though, 'The Walking Dead' is a masterpiece. The choices you make will change the game in HUGE ways.Let's say two people are in life threatening situations and you only have a small amount of time. Who do you save?Do you kill this person? Or let them live?Do you risk your life? Or allow someone else to risk theirs?The zombie apocalaypse is a dangerous place and I cannot even explain how amazing this game can be.Trust me, it is worth your money. This is the only game I have ever rated a 10/10 and it has to be the greatest game I have EVER played, better than any shooter or puzzler.The gameplay mechanics are lacking but if you play this game, you are playing it for the truly compelling, heartbreaking and unbelievable story as you make your way to survival with a young girl who you feel surprisingly protective of, even though you have just met.You'll see.
