I've just recently started a single player storyline version of this game. Overall I have to say I am enjoying it. There is not much to not like. Sure, there is a slight grind collecting materials (if you've played MMO's like WoW, I don't think it's as painful as their grinds!!). While collecting materials however you're immersed in a vibrant world with creatures fighting between themselves for survival.The UI is straight forward but I haven't started base building or item creation yet. The basic replicator usage to create 'recipe' items is very easy, and I like how you can click up and down through the layers of items you need to build up towards a more complex item - for example, you need gunpowder and copper to make bullets. But you have no gundpowder, simply click on the gunpowder Icon and suddenly you're looking at the gunpowder creation screen... how intuitive! There are a few tricks with the UI that had me briefly confused, such as 'do not have the inventory box open while trying to loot animal corpses or interact'.The story line is easy enough to follow, and the quests are interesting enough. The side quests are optional but you can get a lot of handy stuff like the recipes you use in the replicator section. Buy the recipes in shops from NPC's, don't waste your meat (meat is money) on the actual item. Meat also can be converted to fat... fat plus charcoal equals gunpowder... you get the picture... A few tools like made of copper or iron, and suddenly you're collecting resources like a boss!This game has some slight challenges, a sizeable world to explore, but most importantly it is thoroughly relaxing to play with it's intuitive gameplay and music...ok, so I have my music turned down but I haven't turned it off completely like I do in most games!
With an 'out-there' story line, super powers, mayhem, and some humor to boot, I'd recommend Saints as a must have goto game for chillaxin or serious completion.
A great sci-fi Survival-Builder! Haven't had any glitches yet, but building your first ship can be problematic - once you've made a mistake or two you will easily move on. For example, getting the number of RTS (movement control modules) right for your ships mass/weight. Save Games, backups, and copies of saves - on single player you're covered for those stupid moments we all have...Building overall is a slightly different in terms of block orientations, but once you learn your axis toggles, and rotation toggles, you're set!Fun and easy to get in to. Note the OS restrictions, 64bit only I believe.Enjoy.
I'll try and keep this short and sweet. If you like space simulators, if you LOVE a challenge, if you like being immersed in a large universe, THEN BUY THIS GAME!Terran Conflict and Albion Prelude, both can be bought as a pack, then get the bonus pack (free DLC) scripts from the start.This Game IS difficult to get your head around with the complexities. You will die/reload/die/reload then realise you're trying to do a mission that's too hard for your current ship/loadout. Read the tips from support wiki's and forums - they are REALLY helpful and explain so much.It takes TIME to get ahead, but don't be discouraged!!!!!! I only playedd this game 16hrs to begin with (from memory). Then I let it sit for a year or two. Now, having just got back into it I have 70hrs more experience and I realise I will rule the empire, one day....not tomorrow, or next week, but it will be a long rewarding journey.May the force be...err, sorry, copyright laws and such. Good luck!
This game is a great stress release. As a goat, I bring mayhem to unsuspecting people and objects... so much distruction, so little time. Add to that an awesome variety of in game and steam achievements, with no rush or demand to get them done... take your time! Explore your surrounds.... Summon your inner Goat, bring forth Goatblivion through dark ritual!Yes, some may say this game has it all. Truthfully, I don-'t know as I have not completed it, but after one nights play I know where I can go to escape normality and release my inner goat freely.8 / 10*Some little tips/tricks go a long way in this game, like using your slow motion button to help complete the achievement -walk on two front legs-... But this is a game where you put a little in - Get a ♥♥♥♥ load out! :)
