For all the hate and claims that this is just another BL2 I would tend to disagree and say this is a very fun game and can't wait for them to expand it out with the DLCs and various expansions.  By not being a DLC for BL2 they are able to dump some of the mechanics that didn’t work and get a fresh start without high level characters just blowing through it all.A lot of the haters talk about it being not as long at BL2 as though that’s a bad thing.  I personally felt the main campaign in BL2 was too drawn out and made you do too much running around doing menial tasks to draw the story out.  When people talk about how awesome BL2 was they are looking at Tiny Tinas or Torgues or scarlets DLCs.  Just for reference I had all classes to 72 so I went through that painful storyline a LOT.  I felt TPS kept a better flow going and the missions weren’t stupid stuff meant to delay me.  Having it be its own game let it dump some of mechanics from BL2 such as Slag which caused all of the higher bosses to be balanced around its use and instead replaced it with Cryo which freezes things solid.  The campaign is about the same length or a bit longer than BL1.New weapon type in the Laser, there are a couple of different laser types, the beam type which gradually become harder to hold on target, the railguns which are sorta like a mid range sniper and laser shotguns which aren’t really much different from regular shotguns.  Some of them can be useful but they aren’t earth shattering.The butt slam can be a lot of fun,  I have buddies who will blast through areas just butt slamming everything that moves and giggling like little kids the whole time. As for the classes they bring a different bag of tricks than the BL2 characters.  There is no one character who is completely overpowered like there was in BL2 (I’m looking at you Salvador).There seems to be a bit more attention on characters benefiting each other than there was in BL2.  In BL2 there were only 6 skills that benefited teammates and like three times as many that a group oriented in TPS.Very good game, and I look forward to what they come out with in the future DLCs
Path of exile is more closely related to Diablo 2 than Diablo 3 is.  You feel powerful and the flexible skill and passives system give you a lot of freedom of choice to build up your character.   I played in the open beta before the Steam launch and probably have an extra 100+ hours in the game than is shown here.Downsides of the passive system is if you make poor or wrong choices in the passive tree you are faced with either rerolling or a LOT of work to undo the damage.  Its also not made clear that you should always be prioritizing defense over offense, things in later acts hit like a mack truck and will easily turn you into paste if you don't build for it.Constant updates means new stuff is always available and the micrtransactions are strictly cosmetic (or in the case of additional bank tabs non-game changing) plus there is always something on sale in the store for half off if you really want something.Highly recomended and the game is completely free anyway so why not give it a shot?
