I have changed my recommendation to positive after revisiting this game.While there are still an abundance of bandits who will kill on sight for no reason as soon as they find a gun and some ammo as there is almost no reason not to, most of the game breaking glitches have been fixed (zombies don't walk through walls anymore, animations are mostly fixed, to name a few) and the new icons and town are great. I also like the new zombie AI and how once they fall once they are dead for good. Melee combat is still a bit inconsistent, but it is better than before.There are quite a few guns in the world now, and they are much easier to acquire. I found a gun in a bus stop once (I don't exactly know how I feel about this). For the most part it seems to be fine as ammo is still reasonably rare, especially for the gun you have (at one point I have at least 50 rounds of all bullets apart from the ones that my gun used). And the sword is great. I like the sword.Recent updates have implemented a much larger crafting system to make things like backpacks and bows. Hunting is pretty fun, and needing cooking meat with a fireplace is a nice feature.Now for a story:I had super high-tier weapons and clothing, but died of dehydration cos I used my water bottle to make an improvised suppressor after pairing it with duct tape, which lasted 5 shots on my mosin before breaking.TL;DRLots of bandits, melee isn't great, more guns in the world, sword is good, no bullets, decent crafting and hunting, water saves lives
People who are new will die lots, and people who are experienced will die lots.This is one of those games that everybody who has steam should own, SO FRICKIN BUY IT NOW
The best thing about this game is that there is no noticeable difference between those who pay for in game items against those who don't, because the default weapons are some of the best you can have. The game is very fun, and the variety of classes, maps, gamemodes, and servers make this an epic FPS experience. If you are a hardcore CoD or Battlefield player (like me) then you may have trouble getting used to it, but the game is great after you get used to it.
Progression is really slow and dull, but it is still a really good WW2 shooter with a fairly large playerbase and a lot of good maps. Give it a go, but if you don't intend on spending money it will take hours to unlock anything.
It looks like it'll be trash, so you buy it as a joke, but it's one of the greatest games you will ever play.
I'd highly recommend getting the complete edition with all the DLC for the best value and fun!Defiantly a great choice if you want to get a strategy game
A must have if you like Diablo or just dungeon-crawler-loot-fests in general. Keep in mind that you want to play it on the hardest difficulties or else the game won't be very challenging
This game is great fun. If you're in Australia get the Left 4 Gore mod, cos the low violence version is no fun at all.
