It-'s the worst saints row in the series, but there-'s fun to be had with it. There-'s like 3 references to the movie -shoot -'em up- which is awesome (so is the movie). But it doesn-'t have clever writing or anything like that (which was thanfully returned in the 4th game). It just has strippers and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ (awesome.... Right?) Buy this on sale, you-'ll only get like 5 hours outa it, before you go and play a better game.
Hearthfire Gives YOU the chance to build a fancy god damn house. And I'll tell you what, I've spent 2 hours just building my dream house, then building a ♥♥♥♥ dung- I mean cellar.Seriously though, if you want a fun little distaction (Who doesn't?) inbetween your questing then buy this on sale.
While this game can be fixed rather easily, it doesn't excuse the extremely poor version of this game on steam. The fact you need to edit game files just to get your game working is unacceptable. Buy at your own riskBut the game it's self is one of the best rpg games I have ever played (note that I am using the cut content restoration mod). You can truly role play in this game. On my current playthrough, I'm playing as a sith that persuades people and decieves people to get his way, relying on combat only when required. The amount of dialog options is amazing, better then fallout 4 lol. The combat system is fine, I don't have any problems with it, it is a bit confusing at times though. There are many options for character building. This game is damn near flawless. Absolutely recommended!
This isn't exactly high budget, so expect some shitey acting here and there. But it was very enjoyable for the most part.
Alot of people keep comparing this to the second game, but we're not here to talk about jc2. So lets review this game! it's dated, the world feels extremely empty, the story is aids, the controls are bad.... But it can be extremely damn fun!-Just don't be surprised when it feels extremely bare bones and less polished then te second game.
So orgininally I gave this a thumbs down, because it just didn't have enough levels (and it DOESN'T). But more on that in a minute.GAMEPLAY- It's just amazing with friends, the co-op is some of the best I've ever seen. There's a steady leveling system that keeps you playing the same levels over and over.Now to the con-I don't care what the fanboys of this game say, there isn't enough ♥♥♥♥ing levels in this game. There's what, 8 with the dlc included, six without it? There just isn't really enough levels. And if you don't buy dlc, have fun with the same 6 heists over and over and bloody over. I just can't excuse it. After like three days of owning this game, I'm already moving on to payday 2 with my friends. Just keep that in mind.
Saints row 4 is a crowning achievement (Better then the third, that-'s for sure!)PROS-*The super powers really help set this game apart (plus, who doesn-'t like juming five buildings?)*The writing for the story and characters are out standing, getting (mostly) rid of the stupid dirty joke garbage the third saints row had. The villiam has great writing, I can-'t press this enough, it-'s just so good!*THe humor is pretty good, whether you-'re climbing a nuke, or you-'re in a 60-'s sitcom, you-'ll get a laugh out of this game.*The graphics (on max settings) weren-'t improved by much, but they still look pretty good.*A bunch of the side mission/activities are extremely fun to play (fraud being my favourite)*optimisation is extremely good in the single player*There-'s a bunch of gun custimisation, you can make your pistols into robo cops gun!CONS-*Gunplay seems to be just an after thaught in this title, the game kind of expects you to just use your super powers, which is nice and all, but I like scoring 5 headshots in a row with robo cops gun. *While there is alot of gun custimisation, it all seems reduntant once you get super powers, which is a shame because there are some really cool skins for your guns (the pulse rifle, for example)*Just like guns, cars become obselete once you get your super powers, this is made worse by the fact that the new/improved car custimisation system is awesome! Unfortunately, the game basically punishes you for using cars.*Like many people, I believe the game gives you super powers far too early. If they had given them to you perhaps half way through the game, this would help with the redundancy of the cars/guns.*co-op is LAGGY!!!! It-'s seriously un playable at times, if you want this game for co-op, you have been warned.MIDDLE-*They basically re used the same map from saints 3, and added a few things here and there. I don-'t really hate that, I mainly just thought -after you guys decided this would be a full game, couldn-'t you at least give us a new map to run around in??-VERDICT--Saints row 4 is a worthy addition to the saints row franchise, it has great humor, addicting gameplay amongst all the other great things about this game. There are a few problems, but they don-'t really take away from the experience or the fun to be had here. Unfortunately, this is basically the last game in the franchise, I suppose it-'s good it ended on a good note then!I would definately reccomend this (I don-'t use a number system because it-'s flawed)
