It does get old pretty quickly, just saying.
GTA V is the great masterpiece of Rockstar that is like Mona Lisa to Leonardo Da Vinci. It was originally released on Xbox 360 and PS3 in 2013. I will be honest here, I got into the hype and preordered the game just because I knew that it would be the definitive sequel that GTA IV needed so badly. And the expectations did not fail short from the trailers. I loved it all, the story, the driving, draw distance, shadows, combat and the way the guns feel. Online wasn't great for me but at least I got compensated along with many others, $500,000 from Rockstar themselves as an apology for the issues in October. Overall, it was amazing to say the least with my experience and it was well rendered on 8 year old hardware.Now here comes the remastered version. For Xbox one, PS4, and eventually PC. Now I didn't buy GTA V for the consoles because I knew the PC version would out-class the consoles themselves. And I am happy to report that GTA V runs well on my laptop (don't ask). The texture quality is superbly increased tenfold and makes the game livelier. I got more immersed playing it on PC more than the last gen consoles, but the next-gen would also show similar immersion results. Modding is also an advantage for PC players and you can now rest easy that Rockstar won't ban you for modding in single player. I modded the game to have the scripthook mod and radio stations on foot making the rampages more entertaining than the in-game music. For the graphic obsessed tuners; there are a TON of options to tweak them to your liking with many types of anti-aliasing such as FXAA, MSAA and Nvidia's TXAA. With shadows, AMD has CHS while Nvidia has PCSS. If you are confident in adding more beauty, there is the advanced graphics option and boy, does it punish your PC in performance a lot, but the results are worth it.But wait, there’s one thing also that the PC version has that the consoles don't have. Support up to 4K definition. More on 4K later. The movie editor included is a crafty equipment for when you want to make many genres of television and movies or re-create your best moments and brag about in YouTube or the social club.  Personally, I am really confused about how it works but I prefer modding mayhem to anything else. First person mode which was present on the next gen consoles is still present on the PC version and adds an extra layer of immersion to top it off. The animations and the extra detail such as floating garbage on run down streets and cockroaches on the floor in Trevor's Trailer make it more realistic in detail than in third-person. Now about 4K; you need a super SLI or Crossfire to manage up to 60 FPS in performance wise but it pays off as it looks drop-dead gorgeous to look. Also, if you were an originally playing the game before on old-gen and you have a social account linked to you online account for Xbox Live or PlayStation network, you get special perks such as a Railgun, Hatchet, Duke'o death, Stallion, Murder mysteries for noir filters, Animal photography that unlock a new submarine, Dodo seaplane, Monkey mosaics that reward you with a go-go monkey blista and exclusive cars that can be won by racing in new muscle races. Now there are more variety of animals that can be found in the game and you can even play as them by finding peyote plants and chewing on them. Also, there are two new radio stations; one of them is the lab while the other one is Self-radio. Now in order to get it working, put your music in the documents under Rockstar games/GTA V/music and place them there. It’s a great update to the game rather than just simply making it nicer for the eyes. (unlike some other games)However, not everything is perfect; several areas of the map can drop the FPS and the launch was a bit of a disaster as people reported that their usernames were causing GTA V to not launch at all. The download times were also painful when you launched the game after you finished you preload because there is a day one patch for the game that is mandatory and it took me almost an hour to launch the game because of the slow download speeds and the size of it. Next thing is, I had to update my drivers because the FPS were fluctuating and it annoyed me beyond irritation. However, this did not stop me from enjoying the game. Also you must have a social account because of the launcher requires it. It will be mostly annoying but seeing as I already created one, it didn't bother me much. (from a techincal POV)The online heists make finally an appearance before and that's also the selling point for going back again. Other than the expanded amount of people that can go into a server up to 30 players, not much has changed.But where does this lead to? Even if it had a few hiccups, The PC version of GTA V is definitely the definitive edition and I do appreciate the effort that Rockstar did even though delaying it is frustrating, the result is a PC game that you shouldn't definitely miss. It towers over GTA IV, Red dead redemption and Max Payne 3 in graphics capability. I can't wait for Rockstar's next big AAA project.Overall for me:10/10 for the PC version9.5/10 for gameplay8.5/10 for the story7/10 for online 
