I want to give this game an up to date review. About a year ago I wrote a review saying that I had no criticisms about it at all. But my opinion has changed to the point where I cannot bring myself to support the developers anymore. I put almost 200 hours into this game over the course of a few years(I know that isn't much for a lot of people but its a lot for me) and absolutely loved it. I did research on all the lore(yes it exists) and followed all of the news and patch notes. No I wasn't godly amazing at the game. But I loved it. I supported it.Then the whole game went downhill in less than a week. The catalyst that set it off was the addition of safes and drills in a similar manner to CS:GO or TF2.I was disappointed to say the least. And so, it seemed, was the community.Further research into the issue highlighted that the developers Overkill had previously promised that they would not ever add microtransactions to the game, something they did with the addition of safes and drills.But I also learned about other things that they had done. They delayed making payments on a prize won at an official tournament hosted by them. They had begun to sell out their brand for cheap promotions, for example the addition of John Wick, or the Alesso Heist.I lost faith in them very quickly. The reddit Q&A with the developers held right after the safe and drills update showed that they had no intention to discuss the community's opinons with answers like, when asked if there was a possibility of them ever reconsidering safes and drills, 'No, we won't' (Or something along those lines, I don't remember the exact wording) I tried to stay loyal, and tried to believe that it was gonna be fine. I hoped that one day they'd see the issue with microtransactions giving stat boosts to weapons. I hoped that they'd at least apologise for the issues that the update has caused for the community. I hoped that even if they wouldn't stop the microtransactions, it would mean the end of paid DLC packs.They didn't apologise. They didn't remove the stat boosts. Despite their financial statements saying that they were making large profits, and despite them saying that they only make paid content when they absolutely have to, they contiued to release paid DLC packs. They did a collaboration with Goat Simulator, of all games. It just shows how greedy they all are if they decide that Goat Simulator is a good idea for a collaboration.The addition of the Goat Simulator DLC was the last straw for me. It just drove home the fact that they didn't give a ♥♥♥♥ about their consumers.So my message to you is that the game itself isnt terribly designed. However please, for ethical reasons, so that this kind of behaviour does not continue, please do not buy this game and support these greedy and ignorant scumbags.
I actually find it rather difficult to recommend this game, even though it is one of my favourite games ever.And the reason why is the same thing you will hear in all of the serious reviews of the game. It lacks any significant depth.Let me start with the positives.    -The ships are amazing to fly. They all feel different and sound different, as well as look different and perform different.    -Combat is fun and balanced. It requires skills and patience, and is quite rewarding particularly when you manage to take down a larger ship.    -The sound design is absolutely amazing. Each ship sounds unique and all of the sound effects are absolutely superb.    -The game features an insanely in depth background simulation. In each of the hundreds of thousands of inhabited systems, numerous factions each have their own laws, affiliations and influence. A supply and demand based economy allows for dynamic variations in profitability, based on both the background simulation and player actions.    -The game has some of the best community involvement I-'ve ever witnessed. Players influencing the economy has been a feature of many games, but in Elite the devs allow for player created lore-friendly news articles. Player created lore-friendly factions and political gameplay. Player run initiatives, and community goals which can be started and run by players. Elite has community involvement which legitimately shapes the galaxy around how the players act, and it really makes for some amazing opportunities.    -The game is beautiful and well optimised. I-'m running it on a 6 year old laptop with a broken fan and I get smooth fps in almost every situation(excluding some planetary landings with Horizons)    -The game has a lot of freedom. Pretty much the only restriction that will limit what you can do will be your in game credits. Almost everything is available right from the start.This game also has a lot of negatives, however:    -To quote a video game reviewer Yahtzee--A game where the player can do anything is a game that focusses on nothing.- Elite lacks depth. The trading mechanics are lackluster and basic. The combat, although fun, lacks much significant purpose and become very repetitive. Exploration is also something that gets quite repetitive quite quickly, and the way that the mechanics repeat themselves just ends up boring a lot of people.    -Missions are worthless and in some cases, broken. This is going to be fixed with Horizons patch 2.1 hopefully, but as it stands missions often do little to increase someone-'s balance.    -The game is horrifically bad at explaining almost all of the mechanics. The first tutorial essentially tells you that left click = fire weapons and then ends. I have had this game for many months now and I am still learning about how some of the most basic mechanics actually work, and that was because I have done a lot of research into how to do things in the game.Overall, I personally love Elite Dangerous, but many people find that it is boring or much too difficult or unfinished. And I think these claims are justified. I would say that it takes a certain type of person to enjoy Elite, particularly in its current state. If you are the type of person who is able to self motivate yourself to participate in the galaxy as if you were actually living in it then I absolutely must recommend this game. If you are the type of person who wants a game for casual fun, then I don-'t recommend buying the full game, perhaps just buy Arena instead.
As a fan of the Assassin's Creed franchise, Chronicles: China leaves a bit to be desired, but is still a decent enough time sink.The story:The story in Chronicles: China is quite average at best. Shao Jun is an assassin many fans already knew about from an animated short released some years ago. When the game was announced I was excited to see Shao Jun finally getting a bit of expansion on her story. Unfortunately, the game's story is very poorly told, and is quite short. Shao Jun is on a revenge quest for reasons not explained in the game, and she undergoes extreme character development at the end of the game which doesn't really make any sense when compared to the rest of the pacing. If you were looking for the Shao Jun story that the whole community wanted, I'm afraid this isn't it.The gameplay:Gameplay holds up well, for the most part. Stealth is interesting and has many mechanics which will make you think about each scenario before approaching. The parkour is simple, but works extremely well, and in some of the escape missions it just feels so good to run and jump at high speeds, particularly since the game has some stunning animations for a platformer. There were only two issues I had with the gameplay. The combat in the game is quite fiddly and certainly doesn't have any of the smoothness which you see in the other aspects of the game. Although there are multiple types of attack moves and counters and options in a fight, the game just starts to break pace as soon as you enter a fight, and it really becomes an annoyance very early on, and this is not helped by the fact that you have very little health until the end of the game, and even then you can't afford to fight too many people at once. It is also not helped by some of the worst keymapping I've ever seen. Having to press c and hold a direction to counter is just such a bad idea. I strongly recommend using a controller for this game, because it holds up significantly better.Atmosphere:Some of the levels seem devoid of much atmosphere, particularly with the predominantly muted greys and blacks the game seems to favour so much. That said, many of the viewpoints offer stunning vistas all displayed in a beautiful calligraphic art style. The music is a mixed bag. Sometimes it just sits in the background with very little substance, and at some points really makes getting through the levels a chore. On the occasion that the music picks up, however, it does so very well and at least for me, kept me motivated to finish a level.Overall:Chronicles: China is okay. If you're looking for the Shao Jun story we all wanted, you won't find it here. The game mechanics mostly work very well, with the exception of combat, meaning that if you want a stealth platformer to pass the time, then by all means grab this game, it'll keep you satisfied for a few hours.
If you're one of those anti-undertale hipsters or a cynical haterTake off your shades. Put down your skinny latte. Get off your horse. Buy this game. Join the biggest tumblr-friendly video game circlejerk ever.Because I swear to godits the best damn circlejerk you'll ever experience.If you just hate Undertale because its popular, well...kids like you should be b u r n i n g  i n  h e l l 
BEST STAR WARS GAME EVER MADE
