Great game, awesome playability.
Like many Co-op games this is great with friends and terrible with random people. I will admit however after playing for a while random peoples is not as bad, but playing with friends is still way more fun.On the positive side, the game engine if very sound, excellent graphics, its fast paced and fun to play. It has multiple difficulty levels, ranging from seriously too easy to omg this is too hard. So just about eveyrone can enjoy it. None of the DLC is required to play the game, and if your friend has more DLC's than you easily play with them, its pretty slick how you can always play with your friends if everyone owns the base game.On the negative side, the game can be a bootfest with random people. I feel the developer could easiely do quite a bit to make it not so terrible and make it easier to meet like minded players if you're playing with freinds. that being i have meet cool people and all but that takes a bit of persistance. Additionally, while the game itself seems to be solid, theres an ongoing issue with the developer. Where the developer stated at multiple times there would never be microtransactions, and after pushing out wave after wave of not the best dlc, they added a micro tranaction system. Some people have an issue with this, some people feel they made amends, and some just do not care. Additonally the devs seem to lie and manipulate the community.This game gets regular updates. Some of the updates are great some of the updates not so much, Adding missions, weapons, characters, things to the game is great. The weapon rebalance, the manner in which weapon skins were added, adding improvements for people who bought an exclusive dlc thats no longer offered amoung other things were not so great. I like the regular updates, but I don't like having to drink regularly to be able handle the changes.This is a good game. So good I've bought the base game for multiple other people to get them into it. I however find it increasingly harder and harder to support the devs and regretable to get people into it. Also, since payday 3 is annouced, I'll probably choose not get into that after the mess the devs made in this game.
one of the legendary games... play it, u will spin a great time in it. Love/Live it everyday.
Such a great game, i can't even describe the enjoyment i had in it, i recommend this game to everyone wants to get a great time and some funny friends, even though you'll meet some nerdy russians make sure to rekt them so hard, you'll have some fun while doing it.
Awesome Game! Completely free to play but you can get a ton of hats if you go premium! TF2 is a pretty balanced game too.Definitely recommend this game ^^
Great Game, After playing this game for 10h i can say this game ROCKS. has all the requirements. Keep it Up =)
dA-beSt<3
