Great game although you should go get Evochron Legacy set 100 years after Mercenary. Everythings better in the future.
Great game, short and simple. Nice range of ships and equipment. Although once you see the death bringer you won't want another ship.
From my experience this game is good. Alot of people complain about their forums but i've never had to go there to play the game.So far most people are willing to help you at each location to select the right gear for the area and the general chit chat helps pass the time grinding. While the latest update has changed things I don't think it has ruined it. People have got use to it being easy and predictable and if you were to start playing it now you would get more enjoyment than someone who had started playing weeks before. This is not a rl simulator and thank god it isn't. The fact you have to catch several hundred fish to level up at the higher levels is offset by the fact 2/3 casts(in the same spot) catch a fish. I'd rather it takes a day to catch 100 fish to level up than it taking a day to catch 10 fish to level up. The trophy/unique rate is pretty good although before if you wanted a trophy you use to just cast in a certain spot, now they are spread out so you never know when your going to hook onto a trophy fish but when you do you will know.The gear selection is decent enough to give you alot of different options and combinations to suit all the locations just make sure upgrade your gear as you move to higher level areas. At each new location the snags get tougher and require stronger gear to get unsnagged and fish get bigger.
Don't trust these guys. First they screwed up with ace of spades then they made a good game Block n load but ruined it by trying to get as much money out of you as they can. I paid for the full version of this game which was meant to include all heroes and now we have to pay for heroes. They changed the terms of what we have paid for once which means they are more than capable of doing it again. Don't give these guys your money unless you want to pay for gold and receive coal when your back is turned.
Don't bother downloading this game from steam. You will have to dowload the entire file again from RIFT. Game looks awesome though so just go to the RIFT website and download it there. I hope this saves people wasting time and data.
