You guys should seriously sit on your asses and work on this game.First of all we payed for it. After Purchasing this game you have to use real money to buy guns and equiptment to surive. If not you have to go through a town of 1000 zombies that kill you instantly while it takes you 1 million hits to kill them.This game is a real cheap version of DayZ and it bugs the f**** out of me of what more they could of done to improve this game. First of all don't make us buy a game where you have to pay real money to ♥♥♥♥ a zombie up the ♥♥♥♥. Make it more realistic and fix the bloody combat because its worse than Elder Scrolls Morrowind. Make it 12 hits to kill a zombie instead of 1 million7 Hits with a Melee weapon1-4 shots depending what type of gun you haveAnd Bingo at least its a little more better than what you have at the moment.The game is set out alright and the atmosphere isn't to bad but still cheap.Its what you would expect from a game made in 2005. The pictures of the game through steam look so epic but trust me it isn't that great. Buy this game right now if you want but I warn you its garbage.If you really want us spending money for this so called game fix it up and update it every bloody week. If not, continue being scammers and using our money to watch your HD p*** EITHER WORK ON THIS MOREOR DELETE IT CAUSE ALMOST EVERYONE HATES IT SO FAR!
Its a damn awesome game!Can't wait for the new update Tommorow!The Game Is Still In 'Alpha' So if you ready to expirence bugs and major patches I wouldn't recommend this game just yet but so far it's bloody awesome!One thing I love about the updates with this game is that it updates the right thinks your waiting for to be fixed though when you play a game like Dayz for example instead of fixing bugs they add more crap into the game which causes even more bugs!So many funny moments with this game so far I give it a 8/10After its finished who knows maybe a 9/10 - 10/10KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!
Crap!
Meh its alright but it needs a lot of work!
THIS GAME HAS NOW SHOWN ME WHAT  PRIEST  COULD DO!11/10 I WISH HE WAS MY PREIST :)
This game is actually quiet fun. Its a mixture between Minecraft and -Dayz- In some what and for a free to play I suggest checking this out.
Games Best MMORPG Game I'v played in a while. If you hate games with non stop writing then dont play this XDU will hate the Tutorial cause it goes on for like 2 hours but after that you will enjoy it.Its a game based In the 15 Century where you can Sail Boats/Upgrade and buy more and go to war, Sail to almost every Country in the whole World, Upgrade your trade, Adventure and War skills and learn different languages to communicate to people in different countries such as Turkey and Islamic places. Become Accountants and have job Carer. Dont think its that easy to head to city to city One time it took me 2 hours trying to get to Venice to Genoa and thank god people helped me on my way there otherwise i would of never found my way there. You can also go to the bar get drunk have drinks with people and employ saliors to work for you and its damb funI recommend this game and is highly addictive! :)
