MagiciteDeveloped By: Sean Young - A student at the University of Central Florida, studying Computer Science. Sean’s always been a gamer and started developing games for mobile platforms, and after many attempts, came about to develop Magicite.A ruthless, 2D platformer that had me riddled on stage one. The old saying “Easy to learn, hard to master” was brought to my mind, more than once. So don’t expect to breeze through the first few levels without encountering a few hiccups.Magicite brings us yet another game that falls under the platformer genre that we all know so well. This little beauty features… a plethora of randomly generated dungeon-esque type areas, a simple yet intuitive crafting system, exploration, co-operative multiplayer, and my favourite feature: permanent death! The game also includes a nifty character customisation screen, in which you’ll have access to change your race, traits & stats. The majority of the customisable items, require certain feat’s to be unlocked, so don’t get to excited just yet.Yet again, the art style of this game was intriguing. It has this warm feeling about it, even when you find yourself traversing the depths of a Tundra biome. From first glance, the art style comes of as fairly basic, but there are countless times when I found something else to admire. Such as the dim particles that float around the screen or the innocence of the wild beasts. Both are minor touches to the game, but at the same time, add to the experience.At various points throughout the game I found myself struggling to maintain a clean inventory. Some may think this would add a negative effect to the game. In my opinion, it did the exact opposite. It encourages the need to select which materials are worth keeping and those which are worth crafting. Often times, I would merge two items together with a sense of curiosity. It pays off to explore your options when it comes to crafting in Magicite. I felt a sense of accomplishment every time I discovered a new crafting recipe and it only occurred to me the other day, I’ve barely scratched the surface.Personally, I felt Magicite would fit nicely in the trial and error category. I’ve logged around 3-4 hours and in that time, played around 40 different characters. Every time I repeat, I have that little bit of extra knowledge from my last playthrough. Slowly but surely, I venture further and further each time. Of course the game has its ups and downs, but there’s quite a lot planned for the future of this game, so stay tuned and give it whirl! The co-operative game play is worth a try as well!UPDATE: I was fortunate enough to be reviewing this while an update for Magicite was released which included the infamous Hats! Each one is accompanied by an attribute/skill that will go towards your survival. For example, Bunny ears allow triple jumping.Regards, Paul (@Halfrailed)Check out more reviews at Halfrailed.com
First of all, I’ll start of by saying that I’m extremely grateful towards the developers, Aaron & Forest, for granting me early access to their game, Race the Sun. Upon booting up the game I was greeted with a simple options screen, which I was pretty impressed about, as this game is only in its early stages, yet the developers still took the time to add some configuration choices, e.g. resolution, graphics quality, controls, etc…Now, I’m in the game, & immediately some extremely intense music starts rolling, I’m feeling pumped and then my solar plane just shoots out of nowhere, the controls are displayed, (Left & Right keys to steer), and I’m straight into the action!, dodging pyramids, trees, spheres and various other low-polygon 3D shapes. If I were to sum this game up in a sentence, it would go something like this, “Fast-paced, Side-scrolling, action, thriller”. I was having an absolute blast! I often found myself on the edge of my chair, biting my teeth, and swearing just as clipped a tiny tree.All in all, the game’s pace is incredible, not to fast, not to slow. The ascending music at the beginning of each round really sets the intense mood. The graphics aren’t exactly crisp, but it wasn’t really something I took too much notice of while my solar plane was speeding around. Something that the developers need to work on in my opinion, is the Sun, as the games is based around it, I thought it would get more attention, but after you unlock the ability to send the sun back up, you never really take notice of it.That’s all for this review, I hope you enjoyed this quick (or rather long) insight on Race The Sun.Regards, Paul
Gun MonkeysDeveloped by: SIZE FIVE games“SIZE FIVE was rather inventively set up at the very peak of the Global Economic Meltdown by part-time Indie developer and full-time against-the-grain specialist Dan Marshall.“ The company develops games that arise under the Comedy genre. One of which, winning a BAFTA (British Academy of Film and Television Arts) award. An incredible feat some might say!Gun Monkeys. Well…, I can honestly say I never thought I was going to see those two words in the same sentence. At first glance, I’d thought a game like this was a little absurd, 2 monkeys fighting in an arena, with guns. Nevertheless, the lovely team at “SIZE FIVE Games” sent me a couple of copies to hand around and spread the word (Thanks by the way!).Gun Monkeys is an intense, 2D side-scrolling, platform, and shooter. Gun Monkeys is basically a bunch of bad ♥♥♥ monkeys, competing against each other in a 1-on-1 battlefield. Each player has one core, the objective is to maintain your core for as long as you can by returning little power cubes to your core, or (preferred option), annihilating your foes in the arena with an assortment of weapons! If you forget to maintain your core and the power runs out, then your opposition becomes the winner and will proudly shoot your little monkey brains out anytime, vice versa.My personal experience playing the game was quite pleasant besides the fact that I got absolutely demolished in every round I played. The controls were confusing at first but after a couple of rounds, you get used to it. Graphics wise, the game itself is quite… “trippy”, as it features a lot of glowing colours and blurring, but this can be toned down in the options if you wish.   So, besides the oddly scaled matchmaking, I did enjoy jumping around the randomly generated arena’s, collecting different weapon crates and experimenting with the cool perks that the game allows you to purchase for your character. Overall, I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a couple of fast-paced, 1 on 1, combat/shooter, arena matches with their friends. If you are going to buy this game, might I recommend buying a second copy for a mate just in case, as the servers are not always filled with people to play against. If you can’t find anyone online, the game also supports 2 players on the one keyboard for some local gaming. On a side note, the narrating of this game is hilarious!I hope you enjoyed reading my insight on Gun Monkeys, I had a blast playing it!Regards, Paul
Definitely worth your money & your time! Brilliant game!
Legend of DungeonDeveloped By: RobotLovesKitty“Robot Loves Kitty is a Husband and wife game studio based in New England. Their main goal is to make games that they love. Their first game was nominated for the technical excellence award at the Indie Game Festival in 2011 and since then they have never looked back.”The Game is available for purchase @: robotloveskitty.comFor a game that’s comprised entirely of pixels, it gives me a warm feeling inside to see everything piece together so smoothly. The New York game developers, “RobotLovesKitty”, bring us a rather unique “Rogue-like, Beat’em’up” experience, alongside its odd sense of humour, Legend of Dungeon.I’m quite the fan of games that fall under the Rogue-like genre, especially when they put you in a constant state of emergency. In which case, you make yourself believe that the expected becomes the un-expected, never allowing a dull moment. Legend of Dungeon does just that, with its strange variety of all aspects from the game. Randomly generated stages, the odd potion that forces your character to heave a rainbow substance, & the wide array of weapons, including… wait for it… A Laser Cat. An odd choice at first? Of course, But it’s effective.Upon my first few attempts at conquering the dungeon, I was slaughtered by the creatures who roamed the halls; skeletons, zombies, bats. I consumed numerous cases of alcohol poisoning & oddly enough, I laughed my way into a few conveniently placed lava pits. Thankfully, the difficulty of the stages varied every now and again. Often times, you would be left to fight your way through to the next stage, but the rare opportunity came around when you could simply walk straight through. No strings attached… or so we thought.Legend of Dungeon also provided that gracious feeling of satisfaction whilst playing, with its subtle rarities dotted along. Like, accidentally stumbling upon a mysterious passage, when you thought you had explored everything; or flailing your bare hands about, only to realise that you’ve just established a blockade of fire between you & the exit.My favourite feature inside the game would have to be the 4-player co-operative action, in which I had a blast. The objective remains the same, to reach the depths of the dungeon, but now you’ve got the added burden of rationing your supplies; how many of your fellow companions fancy the rarities that lie beneath? I know I sure do! How many are willing to share their findings? Aspects like these can cause a brilliant range of emotions when playing. I recommend taking advantage of the games full controller support as constraining 4 people to a single keyboard can often become crowded, as you would imagine.Overall, Legend of Dungeon demonstrates a well executed game amongst its genre. I was glad to devote some time towards this beauty & look forward to the upcoming sequel.Thanks for taking the time to have a read through!Regards, Paul (@Halfrailed)If you'd like to see more reviews, check out Halfrailed.com
