I remember buying this on sale for $2.50. 900 hours later... Best $2.50 spent ever.
Absolutely love the game, even in its current Beta stage. I've had the game since its release, and it's always been fantastic, but it just keeps getting better and better. Any WW1 enthusiast should check out this game.Good job, M2H & Blackmill.
THIS IS A H1Z1 DAY 1 REVIEWTo be fair, it was Day 1 of an unfinished Alpha game in early access. Don't kid yourself that you actually expected to be able to join this game immediately. Give SOE a bit of a break. That said, spent $20 (and some people $40), for a game that took over half a day to become playable. We're all a tad peeved. Onto the game itself, it's graphics are alright, but of course as with every game, they aren't nearly as good as the previews.The combat system seems acceptable.The map is pretty good, from what I've played, I like it quite a bit. Haven't seen *too* many bugs or glitches, just a deer spawning on a roof of a house, and trees growing in the middle of a highway. Zombies are relatively overpowered, as are wolves. Wolves are also far too easy to kill. Loot is few and far between - I scanned through a fresh produce facility (3 buildings, 5 cars) and managed to find an axe, a machete, some metal sheets and some water.The whole taking 10 seconds to log out thing is both a blessing and a hindrance - got me killed in my second life.Oh, and your average life span is pretty slim, think 20 mins - 1/2 hour range.Half of the time you spawn next to a highway in hell-knows-where.The other half of the time you spawn in the middle of a forest and have as little sense of direction as the DayZ dev team.I can see the potential in this game, and I will be playing it alot more.Despite all the cons, something pulls me into this game and attracts me to it, so I can really only recommend it, although I think it would be wise to wait until it is free to get this game, as it is pretty much pay-to-win, with the whole paying real cash to get air supply drops and whatnot.So, I can only say, get the $20 version and give it a few hours. That is if you don't get G99'ed.
