https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bRIiTTwgC3U
when i try this i try to make alot of games even other people games are good they make 3d ones
very gud gam 4 u
Rated 15+Use of drugs.Wait rated G?
gud game
pdth rip off xddddddddddd
I'm gonna review this game because I feel like it.Alright so let's start off with the gameplay.The gameplay is alright, it's just fine. Nothing not that special about it.It's basically one finger death punch but with pigs 'n stuff.3/5------------Content, oh my god the content is tiny, there's not much in the game that it gets boring after 1 - 10 minutes, all there is are 2 modes and uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh leaderboards sanxuhddfhhhhhhhhh, *it's just tiny*0.5/5------------Addiction?, people that reccomend this game mostly say that this is very addicting, what I say, it just isn't, but yet again, this is just me. In my opinion this game needs more content just to get me addicted, nothing to unlock.1/5------------Does this game have a good ost?get your ears ♥♥♥♥♥ by looping weird music1.5/5-----------I won't go into much detail in this game, like there is much but still, I will end it here and show my overall rating2/5
If you are here and reading this and you want to make a review about how this game isn't good, it's gonna be hard.Undertale is a rpg like a bunch of others, the story is just sorta a no and a yes, the game is a feel trip and that's a bad thing not just because it makes you sad, it's mainly because it can't make this 1 person not sad at all for 1 game character. Also the pixelly artwork is meh/normal in my opinion. The controls are fine as expected for an overrated game I mean who doesn't know a good game has good controls? Right? Ha. Anyways, let's move on to the music, the music is alright, pretty normal for an rpg yet there was some. Where they were just, very meh. And that's just my taste in music you might find it badass or something but I don't like it so that's just my opinion. Theres something in undertale I think is missing and the game itself is just terrible and good, yes the main reason I am giving this a bloody NO NO is mainly because of the fact of the story and vibe. You can't just find out what the story is, how frisk got into the place, maybe falling down, dragged down or something. The story isn't explained just right, hell even finding out the monsters creation, yes of course games like legend of zelda and other games might have this ♥♥♥♥, but their just from like not completely explained from their existance. That is sorta explained in LOZ:OOT itself, also the characters they are meh/good also if I didn't already write that.Anyways 4.9/10 this is just my opinion, you should buy it still even if it's a no no for me.Enjoy your game once you got it.
