This is actually pretty good. I did not expect it to be this good. Pick it up if you get the chance!
Great concept! Is glitch, but at the time of writing this, it's early access, so I'm sure those glitches will be fixed.  Pick up this game now befre they jack the price up when they fully release it!
This game is SO much fun! Its WAY better in Co-Op. Me and my friend played this for hours straight and got a huge kick out of it. You should DEF get this game, even more so if you have a friend to play it with. I TOTALLY recommend this game. Get it and  have hours of fun! :D
Warning! -  Those who are easily creeped out by caves and corpes and etc, STAY AWAY!But, this game is quite good. It has decent graphics for when it came out,  it has an extremely intriguing storyline,  and I'm caught up in it!  I completely reccomend thisto everyone, unless the warning applies to you.
Highly captivating, brilliant time killer. Happy that I got this game.
Utter crap. Good concept, badly carried out. 60% of the game didn't even work. I want my money back. No, seriously, I couldn't build units, helicopters, or anything other than structures. Game constantly glitched out and turned the map black,  and so many other things I can't even begin to type out. I want my money back, like I stated before.
I do NOT recommend this game whatsoever! I paid 6+ dollars for it and it was NOT worth it , because, NOWHERE in the label or description does it say it  does not run on windows 8. I will be requesting Steam for my money back, and if they will not return my money, I will be heading to the devolopers to complain to them. I'm sure it's good on windows 7, but those on windows 8, stay away!
Needlessly complicated. dfficult to understand, and hard to learn. If you are extremly good at difficult games like this, then sure, get it. But, othewise, I do not recomend it.
GREAT game! Mentally challenging, and therefore rewarding when you beat each level. Can make time fly. VERY good game when you just need to kill some time in a fun way. Truly recomend this game!
