I bought this game and its expansion on the recent sale, and for the price I paid I feel like I got great value for money. Once I started, the stories and characters were so immersive that I found it very difficult to stop playing. I finished it with the same feeling I get after reading a great book; sadness, that it was over. I very much look forward to more from Winter Wolves in this vein. The story is a little cliched, and seemed to be a Lord of the Rings parody of sorts. You have an aged wizard guiding everyone to resist against the upcoming of a dark lord, a deathknight of animated armor that happened to have more than a passing resemblence to the ringwraiths. The hero had to unite many broken kingdoms that needed to come together to defeat said knight (although that-'s a common trope to this fantasy setting anyway). There are the amazons, though, with a few undead here and there, so it-'s not all bad. The bright part of the story is that the protanist was not in a special position before the story began, and was instead a slave.Any unoriginality in the story, however, is completely forgivable considering the dialogue. For a text-heavy game (the sound effects were just there to replace silence), the text was easy to read, and the game does it brilliantly; I was captivated from the start, and every character had a distinct personality that remained consistent throughout the entire game. Through their personal stories, you can come to relate to every one of your party members, and most of them are done well.The romances were well done, with each of the two selectable protagonists (male human or female elf slaves/servants) having a variety of suiters to pursue. The romances only lightly effected the plot, however, and the effects of these personal relationships were only felt during minor plot points. The game could be played without romances at all, which may be odd considering it markets itself as a romantic novel. Loren The Amazon Princess shines in its dialogue and characters, but is not without its flaws. The typical -Joke, Friendly, Forceful- dialogue options were a jarring experience. They didn-'t give you any indication at all as to what you-'d actually say, which introduced something completely unpredicatable in a genre where the one thing that should be relatively predictable is the progranonist. It was easy to work around (scroll up to go back, or save/reload), but doing it this way was a strange decision from the designers. The combat was extremely easy on normal, but that may have been because the focus was on the story. The turn based system with combos was interesting enough to survive the whole game without getting too boring. The graphics were well framed with the plot, but the backgrounds were heavily reused, and the game could definately have benefited from having more of them. It was easy to forget where we were based on any particular background image.All in all, I thoroughly enjoyed and recommend this game to lovers of visual novels. There are plenty of -'they lived happily ever after-' endings, as well as one or two not so happy, and if you allow yourself to fall into the characters, a definite sadness when the tale ends and there-'s nothing more to read.
A very polished, boring game for the ultra casuals. Seriously. graphics are cute, but the gameplay is very limited. There was no challenge at all. Nothing to learn as a game player. It's cheap, but I'd still prefer my 2 hours to finish the 'campaign' back. Don't buy this unless you like only like winning.
Great, gritty atmosphere, good writing, good gameplay, very few bugs. Easily 100+ hours to see it all. Combat started getting a little bit tired by the end, but beyond that, it's difficult to find faults with the game.
The game still needs a better story or campaign, at the moment it-'s just -build a space ship before the aliens destroy you-, which limits replayability somewhat. The random map generation doesn-'t really help make new maps interesting. Other than that, astoundingly fantastic production game. No game has done it as deeply and as bug free as this one.
Interesting game. Good mechanics, voice acting is a bit weak, and while the story starts a little weak it gets better as you go on. Combat is challanging enough to remain interesting through the entire game. Highly recommended for people who want a good all-round deep RPG.
A little bit easy, but excellent story and gameplay. Throughouly enjoyed it.
Being what I thought was a -choose your own adventure- kind of game, I was a little disappointed to find that the plot is almost exactly the same every play through. If one character dies with a choice, the other just fits the role of the character that was lost. If someone else dies accidentally and you change the conditions for it, then someone else dies in almost exactly the same way. Very superficial choices, in the end, but the first play through was great due to the story alone.
