Great game only played a bit but already the feel of mordor is terrifying. THere are no bugs and the NPC humans are funny.  I spent my money well and i cant wait to keep playing.
As a fan of the Call Of Duty Franchise i have to say i'm very disapointed in Black Ops 3. Not to brag but i was very good at the other call of duty games but the mix of jetpacks, sliding and wall running all with the same mechanics as the old call of dutys just does not work for me. I've played about 10 multiplayer games so far and have had no fun what so ever. Gun customization would have been great if they added a free draw tool instead of having to move various shapes and size them correctly. Originally i bought the game for zombies. Shadows of Evil (only map so far) is very different from other COD Zombies i have played and has a massive area. Ive played 3 games and continuously get lost in the maze of zombie filled streets, downing countless times far away from my team mates. As for graphics, my Geforce 740m couldnt handle the high graphic setting so i had to lower everything including shadows, player models and textures down to medium and my render quality to 80% in order for me to have smooth game play. To finish of this review I'm going to conclude that im disapointed in this new addition to the series and i hope they can release a WW1 or WW2 game or maybe even anoth MW. I didnt mind advanced warfare but BO3 certainly puts the icing on the cake then just ♥♥♥♥ing picks up the cake and throws it out the window onto your neighbour's cat who then screams in agony because it's allergic to chocolate so you have to go to the vet with your grumpy old neighbour and finally after 20 minutes of waiting you are given the news from the vet that the cat will never see. Your neighbour is extremly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and start to pull out his gun but you pull your magnificent gun which is designed with a ♥♥♥♥♥ spirting ♥♥♥♥♥ out of your back pocket and fire 20 bullets into his skull only to find out you had monitor lag and he shoots you twice and somehow kills you. That kiddies is why you should not wastes over 40 bucks on this game, go buy MW...
This is a game filled with strategy elements as well as a good shooter. I had trouble aiming with a controller but besides that is is absolutely worth the 50 cents i got it for.
THE BEST GAME EVEEEEER!!!I've played the campaign about 6 times over and i love every update. Aliens was awesome and i'm hoping to see some more interesting features added to the game. Great for when the gang get together and i certainly had a laugh flying on those pigs. DEFFINATELY WORTH THE 15 DOLLARS
Challenging game and mind numbing, but it is a great and addicting game. I hate it when you place the block in the wrong place!
when i try to launch it it keeps saying that it stopped working!!
