Just another overpriced piece of DLC.Just kidding, it's awesome that Fatshark support the game like this. This game mode can be as hardcore or as casual as you want - you're rewarded for however well you do in Last Stand. It's a nice and simple solution to the meta beforehand which simply involved having to complete entire missions just for a chance to get loot - though in this game mode comes purely in the form of crafting tokens.All in all... why the hell are you even reading a review for free DLC?
About freaking time. Seriously, if the Australian government could stop being such a ♥♥♥♥♥ and censoring everything that'd be great.
Oh hey, Overkill gave -free- DLC to everyone who already owned the Wolf Pack from PAYDAY: The Heist.Too bad they don-'t actually give a ♥♥♥♥ about their community at all, and still charge for pretty much everything released despite the addition of pay-to-gain-advantage microtransactions. For a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of money too. Two heists fromt he original game for $12AU? How about no.How about you go ♥♥♥♥ yourself, Overkill. Just like how you already ♥♥♥♥ed over the veterans of this franchise, so only about 0.4% of PD:TH veterans will even play this despite it being free for them.
When the game had just come out, Overkill promised players that there would never, ever be microtransactions in PAYDAY 2 on multiple occassions. They lied.When players were completing challenges for Crimefest 2015, Overkill promised that all content unlocked from the completion of challenges would be free. They lied.Screw Overkill.I mean, I really, really wish I could say that despite all that there is still a part of me that enjoyed the game, even after all this. And I tried and I tried - because I never played any other game as much as PAYDAY 2 up until that point. But the weapon balance they brought witht he pay-to-gain-the-advantage microtransactions made all the gunplay feel completely off, compared to what it used to be. Assault rifles are inaccurate and ineffective, and the pistols have all been turned into hand cannons. Concealment in stealth is now more reliant on how much your weapon skin buffs concealment than your skills and mods.I really still wish I could say -despite all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, what-'s was always still great about this game was...- but it-'s gone now. That era has been and gone, and it really, really saddens me.Rest in peace, PAYDAY 2 pre-Crimefest 2015. A brilliant game with so much potential. You will be missed.
