Garry's Mod, Published by QuickScope Studios, is an RPG, FPS game.You play as John Hardwood, a man travelled back in time by his physics teacher to face his greatest enemy, 'Faze Clan'. You journey through endless maps, ranging from an open jungle - to a snow mountain. The story is set in a western theme, with cowboys and indians chasing you through the landscape. The Qui2CkScope Engine runs this game very nicely, with clean, hardcore 3D polygon models for a bit of eye candy while playing only makes the game that much better. The real gameplay flys in when you reach the alpha stage - also known as the Trickshot 420 Stage. The stage involves you trying to hit a 750 noscope double tap yy to semtex cancel 420 snoop lion blaze shot, when there standing infront of you, Faze Clan. The ending was quite thought out and well done, with you finally taking the last hit and teabagging the Faze clan. Overall a must have for any hardcore noscopers out there!   - 10/10
TF2 Developed by Valve.It's a good game, you can get hats and keys and ♥♥♥♥10/10
Rust - Developed by Facepunch Studios.This game is quite enjoyable, although I would have to say it does have some flaws:1. There are no goats, cmon Facepunch you could of atleast added goats.2. There are no killcams or SnD gamemodes, SnD is a vital part of any FPS game, Rust has no other gamemode than -'survival-'3. There are no lens flares, while playing I noticed that there aren-'t any lens flare whatsoever, we need lens flares J.J Abrahms would not approve of this and quite frankly,  I don-'t either.4. No woodcutting skill. If you-'re going to make a game, always add a WC skill so players can ask other players -WC level?-5. That rock is so ♥♥♥♥ing overpowered, ok so I was playing, collecting wood and ore as I usually do, and nek minut I got qouted in the head with a rock! I ♥♥♥♥en got KO-'ed and lost all my ♥♥♥♥.6. There aren-'t any carrots, honestly if there aren-'t carrots, there is no point playing. Carrots would be a nice touch in this game.7. Rabbits. These ♥♥♥♥ing rabbits that get around thinking they own the damn place. These lil ♥♥♥♥♥s run around and cause all kinds of mischief, they have so much perversity, and I cant even get a ♥♥♥♥ing shot with my .22 because they-'re too damn fast.8. Red animals - These red animals literally ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ up, I stand around 10 metres away from them, but nope I-'m too ♥♥♥♥ing close to there personal space. They drop some pretty nice ♥♥♥♥ but still.Other than that it-'s a pretty good game. 10/10
