An Anime-stlyed mmorpg, point and click style.Be what you want and do what you want.While I may not have many hours here on steam, I mainly played the game prior to having it on steam.I would recommend this game to any of my friends, and if Tarlach server is joined - then I-'ll be willing to help people out.Mabinogi is an MMORPG, with the following unique features:- CombatNow, you may think -Combat, every game has that-.While this is true, Mabinogi incorporates many forms of combat, such as:* Martial Arts* Ninja Skills* Magic* Alchemy* Puppeteer* Melee* Range* Gunslinger* Lancer / Knight* and more!!- QuestsThe Quests is Mabinogi vary from doing something as simple as gathering items, to something as crafty as making an item. They even go to as complicated as following a series of mini-quests and dungeons in order to complete the Quest.- HousingNow, the -Housing- in Mabinogi is not your usual home-like area.The -Homestead- that you own from level 10 onwards, is actually different for everyone depending on their tastes. There are three locations to choose - Human area which is Grasslands, the Elven area which is a Desert, and finally the Giant area which is Snow.While you get to choose your location, when you level your Homestead up (yes, it has levels!) - you can then build more unique structures. Everyone-'s Homestead will be different.- RacesThere are three Races to choose from, upon your initial character creation.Human. Giant. Elf.Each Race will of course have bonuses and different specialties.For example - Humans are the only ones who can use two swords.Elves are extremely amazing Archers, while the Giants have more Health and Strength, and more powerful 2-handed weapons.- Marriage & FamilyYes, in Mabinogi there is a Marriage system.You can get Married to the opposite Gender, or even the same Gender!As for Family - If you get Married, you can create a Family.A Family can consist of yourself and your partner, and up to 6 Children.There is a Family Rule that can be set (example: No dropping items). It will reeset every week I believe, and it will show a counter for those who break the rule.- Pets / MountsYou can obtain Pets and Mounts in-game.Most of the better ones are from the Cash Shop (NX / Karma Koin).Some pets are simply just that - Pets. Both a Pet and a Mount will have inventory for you to store your items. Mounts on the other hand, can be land-based, or have the ability to fly as well.- Rebirthing-Rebirth- is something unique this game offers. You can Rebirth every so often up to level 1000 Total, from there onwards you will actually need to Rebirth every week or purchase character cards to use to Rebirth.Rebirthing a character will give you the option to change your character appearance, level, age and even gender!- LevelsThere are two variants of levels in Mabinogi.Your level, which is basically your -combat- level. Everything you do will earn you exp, which will contribute to this level.There is also Exploration levels. To level this up, you basically have to do Exploration Quests, or go out into the Wilds in Iria (Elves and Giant area), and search for unique hidden objects and items, which you can trade in for EXP and Gold.To level up anything, you will need AP which can be granted upon every level up.The higher your ranks go in a skill, the more AP it will require to level up.- RanksSkill ranks go from the following order (worst to best)NoviceFEDCBA987654321 - Max RankAnd now, to my favourite part...- Non-Combat SkillsNon-Combat Skills are extremely variable.Want to spend your time Cooking tasty treats? Become a Chef!Feel like crafting your own Clothes? Become a Tailor!Want to laze around and spend your time Fishing? Then do so!There are many non-combat skills to find and master.The one unique one which makes Mabinogi different than other games, is simply my favourite;Musical Instruments & Composing.You can re-create songs inside of Mabinogi.Want to play Skyrim Theme? Done.Want to play Game of Thrones theme tune? Done.Pokemon Battle Theme? Done.If you wish to give it a go and enjoy playing, feel free to play with us.Server: TarlachMy in-game name: Alyxa
Arma 2: Operation Arrowhead.Now for me, the Singleplayer is quite challenging, the AI are quite powerful and strategic, and extremely lethal.They can easily kick my butt which literally forces me to think of different strategies to try and defeat them instead.The bonus with Arma 2: Operation Arrowhead, is that it can run the Mod DayZ.The bonus of running DayZ is that - you can play on multiple maps, and you can also play multiple mods.Not only do you have to put up with both the Zombies and the Players - with some DayZ servers, you also have to deal with AI. This makes it one of the best games I have played.The visual graphics aren't the best, however for one of the time period that this game came out in - it is actually quite decent.The atmosphere in the game varies depending on your situation.I would recommend this game if anyone wanted a survival action game to play with others.For those who do not know how to play DayZ:- Install and run Arma 2.- Install and run Arma 2: Operation Arrowhead.- Download and install DayZ commander and then the mods/maps you wish to play.
DayZ Standalone...If you liked the Mod for Arma 2, then you will love this.- Graphics are better, suitable for both low and high gaming computers.Everyone will be able to play, with no real advantage (such as low graphics over high)- Intense SurvivalThe survival between this version and the Mod, has increased ten-fold.Players will now have different blood types, meaning only certain types can be beneficial to you.As for now, thirst seems to be the main issue. Most -cans- of drink are counted as Hunger, not Thirst.- CustomizationThe customization within the game is amazing. Not only can you change the usual things - such as gender and skin colour.You can wear and replace the following; Headpiece, Eye-wear, Shirt, Trousers, Gloves, and Shoes.Besides the clothing customization - you can also find pieces to customize guns with, such as the stock, grip, scopes, etc.- OverallFor an Alpha... It-'s coming along quite nicely. Have not encountered any -invisible- zombies or other glitches yet.Definately worth a try!
A game similar to Diablo 3, but with more cartoon-ish graphics.The game alone is wonderful with its ability to choose one of four different classes, and any starting mode from Easy to Elite, including the option of Perma-Death.The story can get immersive, and one feature that really sells this game is that you can -Re-roll- your world, to make zones different every single time.I also love the fact that you have a permanent companion with you on your adventures, and that you can constantly change what it looks like as well.The addition of Mods from  the steam workshop definately makes this one of my favourite dungeon-crawler sort of games.
