Sure its a fine -zombie survival- game, but there isnt any -zombie survival-, there is way too many PvP-'ers out there casually killing everything that moves. The game itself (despite the PvP) is quite good, a nice looting system with a hunger and thirst system, they never truly developed the disease and medical system. The graphics are second rate, attempting a semi-realistic artstyle, that was ultimately only half accomplished. I rate this game 4/10, generally, gameplay is terrible, but the ideas behind it are great, perhaps hosting our own server to exclude all the PvP-'ers would be a great idea, OH WAIT, THEY CHARGE $75 A MONTH FOR SERVER RENTING! WOW.
Its an awesome game, once i start playing i cant stop :D
This game is truly addictive, the combat system is simple, but amazing, fully engaging the player to the point that s/he is tilting on their chair just to get that right angle when swinging blades from a horse. The graphics are OK, but considering the date it came out it is very good. The diplomatic system is a bit dodgy but acceptable, the trade system is simple but effective, the leveling system and equipment are very good, leaving room for consideration of what to level based on what you need currently or how it could affect your character. The warband system is awesome, allowing you to have as many as 200 units or more tagging alongside your character, but having wages, moral and food distribution to worry about on the sidelines, while trying to avoid enemy lords and massive groups of bandits. I think i'll rate this game 8/10, because it just doesnt reach that very peak I am looking for in a medieval simulator, although it does get fairly close.
Previeously I stated that I did not recommend this game, because I was under the impression the game was a no-go, but (if you read the comments) this is infact false, and this is great news, because the game is infact fun to play and offers a unique gaming experience. I guess I was just disapointed that I had not seen any progress for a while :).The game itself shows a lot of promise, the idea behind the game is quite unique, the combat system interesting and the squad system pretty basic. They have developed a technological tree and base construction, great sandbox elements. They have an interesting market system with active trade routs, wandering bandits and several differant factions.
One of my favorite games ever, I played this for at least 2 months on the Xbox 360 before getting half way, the frustration, the obstacles and the blood pumping combat all drive it towards an unparallel feeling of achievment and self worth. The challenges in this game are immense, testing the very self discipline we all work towards, testing our patience and mettle, and in the end making us die, again and again. The graphics in this game are amazing, the combat is (mostly) realistic, the leveling system is quite unique, with many considerations to be had, the enemies are both gruesome and unforgiving, so I give this game a 9/10, because in the end nobody really likes to suffer over and over again (hence why only 9), but it is soo rewarding to overcome the obstacles ingame. But further consideration leads me to wonder: if the game wasnt frustrating, would it be as good?
Altogether a great game, so many possibilities in what you can add into the game or even make yourself. The multiplayer community is quite large, and the many differant game modes available each gives a differant gaming experience... Within G-Mod there is many gaming experiences to be had, alongside friends or just complete randoms, being a jerkwad in the sandbox servers, wreaking havok in the Dark RP servers, you name it, it can happen in gmod if you put your mid to it.I rate this game 8/10, not giving it full potato because of the age of this game and the sheer amount of errors and blank textures you will come accross, but it gains its solid 8 from the graphics, gameplay and sanbox capabilities.
I bought this in Alpha, and now it has finally released :D, I am sooo happy at the progress they have made and I am glad I made the choice to support the alpha. This game is great for strategy fans, based all on the rules of exponential building and skills in managing massive armies, thinking quickly to counter enemy plans and trying to escape your planet when they launch their at you XD. I reccomend this game 10/10
Graphically awesome, the gore is ok to the extent of limb amputation and excessive blood, the atmosphere could use some work, the moments of when enemies will come out at you are predictable but the game is great if you want a good jump or just some dark atmosphere shooting/survival.
