With over nine million units sold worldwide, and unprecedented critical acclaim from fans and press around the world, Sid Meier's Civilization is recognized as one of the greatest strategy franchises of all-time. Now, Firaxis Games will take this incredibly fun and addictive strategy game to unprecedented heights by adding new ways to play and win; new tools to manage and expand your civilization; extensive modding capabilities; and intensely competitive multiplayer options. Civilization V will come to life in a beautifully detailed, living world that will elevate the gameplay experience to a whole new level making it a must-have for gamers around the globe! Leprosy is now considered to be a rare disease in Australia; however, eradication of the disease has not been achieved. Globally, rotavirus is the most common cause of severe gastroenteritis in early childhood affecting almost all children under five years of age. A vaccine is now available for infants. Chickenpox is a common viral infection that can reappear later in life as shingles. A vaccine is recommended for all infants and non immune adults. For further information please see factsheet, or contact your local Public Health Unit on 1300 066 055. As a hardcore strategy gamer who is no stranger to planning out my empire's production dozens of turns in advance, I've already turned to Civ V for my world-conquering needs – but at the same time, if anything is going to rear a new generation of strategy gamers like the very first Civilization did for me, it's this. Civilization remains the ultimate pinnacle of the turn based strategy genre. This title introduced some significant changes from earlier civ incarnations, such as a hex-grid and no unit stacking. I believe this caused some lower user reviews amongst players who dislike change. However, I believe the combat tactics were only improved by this, on top of the overall rock-solid strategy and city building aspects of the game. This is Civilization at its best and over time it will ripen like a fine wine and become a masterpiece. 2K Games have outdone themselves in making some massive changes without changing the core gameplay and alienating their fans.
