Fantastic game, its a shame it-'s not in the popular -too play- list of alot of people. It is a very fun game and relatively balanced races makes for fun multiplayer with friends. Single player however does get boring very fast a must play game with friends or online. Would strongly recommend if you enjoy games like SC1/2!
Typical Splinter Cell game, great fun! From what ive seen of the campaign the storyline itself is kinda poor but the actual game play is really good, the graphics are good. Never had an issue with lag or bugs. Would strongly recommend if you like to play solo player games
Must have game! Endless hours of fun
A very immersive game, although the combat system gets a bit boring after awhile there are many many user created mods that can help improve upon the basic combat system adding more spells and what not. This is a MUST play game if love adventuring, I think i played 30-40 hours or roaming around exploring (including user added mods) and less than half that time doing the main story line, the main story line is actually rather fun as well! However the thing that keeps me playing this game, the user created mods like ive said before they add so much to this game. 100% would recommend to anyone even at full price
Great Great Great game, very fun single player FPS the missions where great! I'm now trying the hardest difficulty and having a blast. I think its full price is asking a bit much but in saying that youll get 20+ hours of fun easily
Although this game is fun for the first 30 minutes? It doesnt justify spending any money on, at least not yet. Maybe once more content has been added ill change my mind! But currently it doesnt have much to offer. I've barely played it and got bored within 20 minutes.
A great game so far! Really fun to play with friends. The cartoon graphics bring a very nostalgic feel to the whole game, the idea of a tower defense game with a mix of -fps- style to it is great! I would recommend this game if youre looking for a fun game to play with mates, a great coop game! My main criticism is it does lack complexity particularly with your talent tree, I would love to see an introduction of a more complex talent tree and a bit more varitey with tower upgrades / spells. However this game is still awesome and has alot of potential, can-'t wait to see where they take this game!
Edited review, great game having alot of  fun however getting a few random crashes probably just release jitters nothing to be worried about.. the only issue i have is the combat system very much just mouse spam without a huge amount of varitey. It would be nice to have some more options but still great game loads of fun would recommend especially if you have friends to play with
A great diabloesk game! This game brings complexity to a new high, I'd strongly recommend this game to anyone who has lots of time on their hands and is looking for a challenge. Grinding Gear Games (GGG) do a fantastic job of regular FREE updates, what more could you want? Would only play if you can seriously sink many hours into this, IT IS NOT A CASUAL GAME.
