Friend kills me while defusing bomb and steals my defuse. I get revenge by shooting him in the head at spawn. I get banned for 7 days. 10/10 would comp again
I have nothing better to do with my time, so here is a review for Need For Speed: Hot Pursuit.I-'m not gonna lie, but the gameplay is actually pretty decent, you play as a cop driving in your Lamborghini cop car at 200 km/h smashing other cars until they get -busted-, (which is an overstatement as their wreck of a car rolls over 5 times and off a cliff seems pretty much like murder to me) or as a racer, trying to avoid getting wrecked by the police or other cars and getting across the finish line.The graphics are pretty nice for a 2010 game, the cars look nicely detailed and the shadows and reflections look superb too, the only thing lacking is the anti-aliasing, which kinda ruins some details of the game. The driving in this game feels a bit weighted, and the handling feels like you are trying to steer a bathtub with wheels. The drifting is pretty bad, as tapping the handbrake sends you in a slight drift that sometimes can be hard to get out and send you into a car, or tapping too much or holding the handbrake sends your car spinning out. The driving only missions where you have to do nothing but drive your car to the finish are way too long and tedious, and you will probably spend most of your time doing these, as they take 4-5 minutes, and you have to do them anyway to unlock more missions. After you complete these missions, you may feel like you don-'t want to play anymore as you spent 5 minutes of your life just driving a god damn car like you would in real life (unless you drive into other cars and into walls), in a video game.Speaking of missions, once you play more than an hour, you have experienced pretty much all what the game offers, except if you keep playing you just earn new cars and equipment upgrades. As of right now, I have not finished the game and I probably plan on not doing so. Also another annoying feature is the rubber banding of the police and racers. You can be as far ahead as you want, but the police seem like they have quad turbos with boost installed and will always catch up to you.The crashes in this game are pretty spectacular, as the game is made by the Burnout developers, Criterion Games and I feel like this is probably the best selling point of the game right here. If you are like me and enjoy watching cars crash in video games, then you can consider buying this game. There is nothing more satisfying than sending a car roll down the road and seeing the heap of metal stop dead, especially if the car costs more than your house.I have only played one game of multiplayer and I have probably experienced half of it. I only found one person (I am from Australia) and I was convinced that he was a hacker. I played as police, and he ignored all my roadblocks and spike strips and literally passed through them like a ghost. I also think that he was using speed hacks and was pretty much untouchable as he zoomed by me. This part is probably why I am going to not recommend this game.  In the start of the game, it asks you to sign up or login into an existing EA account. Me being stupid, I put in the wrong email associated to the account and it made me an entirely new account with an extremely generic name that I cannot change the name of. So every time I want to play this game, it always asks me to sign up or sign in and I cannot get around that other than putting in a fake username and password to ask if it wants to start me offline and it bugs the hell out of me. Also I found out that it  FORCES  you to use a microphone and webcam, so they basically breach your privacy while you play. The only way around this is, is to disable them if you dont want them to be used.I alt+tab out of games alot, and for me, I found out that my fps drops significantly to about 10-20 fps if I alt+tab in any part of the game, even the unskippable intro scene (which is also annoying). I don-'t know if other people have these problems, but this is a heads up.Overall, the game is pretty decent, good graphics for a 2010 game, one of the best crash physics, sub-par steering and handling and if you find people in multiplayer, (which i doubt) then I hope you have a better experience than mine. This game gets really stale if you play for too long, so I recommend to play it once in a while to get your racing fix. I would probably recommend this game, but shame that these problems had to occur during my playtime.I give this game 6/10
