For anyone coming from Borderlands 2 wanting to see where it all started here are a few pros and cons in comparison with BL2:Pros:- Much better loot system. Anyone who has clocked in enough time in Borderlands 2 will know that finding anything better than Green is fairly uncommon, but in this you will be find 10 times better and more varied loot and twice as often.- Fairer Scaling. The scaling in this game is Linear instead of Borderlands 2's Exponential, meaning that when you find a powerful weapon, it will be useful for much longer before having to replace it with a more powerful weapon.- Easier to run. Granted this is just due to it being older but even still, it's something I guess.- Cheaper. Again this is just due to it's age, but still, the GOTY is cheaper than the bsae game of Borderlands 2.- Backstory to Borderlands 2.- Able to play as Brick, Roland, Lilith and Mordecai. Awesome NPCs, Awesomer Playable characters.- Modding ability. This game can actually have modded content, although it's not officially supported by the devs.Personal Opinion:- Different feel. This game has a more dark and serious feel than the second Borderlands game. Some people may like it, some may not.- All the Areas have the same look to them. Every area is either a desert-like area, run-down buildings or Atlas buildings, with the Zombie DLC and the final area being the only exceptions. Again this can be a matter of opinion.Cons:- Skill Trees. The characters skill trees aren't as fleshed out as in Borderlands 2, with the major gamechanger 1 point skills not being there. While i'm not in any way saying the skill trees are bad, they're just lacking something that Borderlands 2 has.- Voice acting. The voice acting in this game can feel very hit or miss at times, with some characters sounding cool, while others feel very flat and last-minute.- Animations. Same as above, some animations are good, while others feel robotic and basic.OverallWorth getting if you want to see where it all started, although as a first purchase in the Borderlands franchise, it's better going with number 2. Get if on sale and definitely get the GOTY.8/10
i love Falloutthats iti just love this gameget itget itget itget it now
The Idea was good but they just didn't end up pulling it off as well as they could have. Only get it with the GOTY/Season pass for the weapons
Fallout 3Where do i begin...This game took the semi-popular fallout franchise and revolutionised it in a way that must have seemed genius at the time although now we find ideas like that common-place by making Third/First person.For anyone who is new to the fallout universe, or just want a tad of backstory, here it is: Fallout 3 is based in the ruins of Washington DC which was destroyed in a war between America and China that ended with most of America turned into a nuclear wasteland. You have grown up in one of the many Vaults built by the government for what was thought to be protection against the war, but they where really built as a social experiment, with each vault being subjected to different experiments, from white noise to genetic mutations to never being allowed to open, all of which the inhabitants of these Vaults were unnaware of when they moved in.Now to the game its self. Fallout has pulled of the wasteland feel so well, from the survival to the ruins to all the strange and just down right wrong enemys you'll face. It has a great soundtrack based around the 50s-60s era which adds a strangely happy tone to the mood. The graphics are nothing special, but take into consideration how old it is. The weapons system just adds to the wasteland feel, with having to find ammo in the wasteland, and having to fix your weapons if the get to worn out. The most iconic part of this game is the armour, i mean just look at the game art, already you see a set of impressive armour, which just makes people to want it more.Alright lets wrap this up. Overall this game was groundbreaking when it came out, and to this day its still fun to return to the great DC ruins once more for another adventure, and isn't that what makes a game great? the ability to replay the game with the same enthusiasm as if you where playing it for your first time again. This game has shown me the greatest part of a nuclear Apocolypse, and that is... Adventure.9.5/10-=LevitatingBacon=-
Got it with the Collector's bundle. It's a building an a trait.10/10
