A great 4x game with interesting combat mechanics that will keep you comming back months later. Do expect yourself to be burnt out though after 2 weeks of non-stop playing, as some aspects of it can get repeditive. But give it a 2 month break and the little russian guys who make the game will have updated it with new units, spells, and quests.Certainly a game worth having in your collection if turn based stratergy is of any interest to you.
I have sunk 20 hours into this beta. I dont think I have ever done that for any game in beta, chosing to wait until it is a finished product. But this was simply the 4X game I was looking for at the time, and there are some reasons why it stands apart from other 4X's at the moment, and why you might want to think about getting it.Unit customisation - In GC3 you make military decisions from your technology choices through to the artistic choices you make for your units. Do you want Lasers, Rail guns, Missles??? Armor Plating? Shields? Are you going to have Terran looking cruisers? or the most alien creations you can imagine? I had a truely fun time every opportunity I had to design a new ship.Star bases - Probably one of my favourite aspects of GC3 were the use of star bases. Having extra things to throw resources at when a planet has filled its current building possibilities was great, and I think is missing from other 4X games. There are though many finishing touches to be made to GC3. But with the community around it the mod's that will come should make this game the 4X in space game every one has been waiting for. Jump in and have a play. You would be hard pressed to be disapointed.
A superb mix of Turn Based 4X with real time stratergy. I believe that we will begin to see many 4X games begin to use a similar model. Furthermore the species creator is very interesting, the implications of ethics and the political possibilities that they produce is just great. I do not know in what way that this game is worse than any other 4X game out at the moment. Masterful AdditionsTechnology - A genius idea of having there be 3 tech trees going at once, Science, Engineering, Social. So you are not waiting around for that 1 technology you are researching to drop, you have three techs on the go all at once. Loved that addition.Unit Builder - I thought that the ship building was actually better than Galactic Civ 3 even though it lacked the sheer customisability of GC3. I found my choices were more significant, and that the ships I was building were more meaningful to me because of it. Different Species - Oh the different species, and all of their lovely art, and differences. I loved that i can conqure a people who are better adapted to arctic planets and then just deport them off their lush contiental planets to the arctic planets i have not yet fully colonised, so that i can settle my more continentally adapted prime species onto it. I love all the different ethics, and i love how my peoples happiness is so effected by how i behave. 
Gives the same feeling as L4D2. I would not call it a clone though, does some things differently. -Melee Focus-The melee combat is probably some of the best first person combat I have ever played. There is also the capacity to go full shooter if you would rather avoid such combat, as all characters have an assortment of ranged weapons, some of which you are capable of using as your primary. Importantly though being right in the thick of it created more tension for this than I felt in L4D2. -Loot- A fair loot system. I think some people might find it a bit too punishing, but I think its just about right. The loot system is such that it provides something for you if you want to dump a lot of time into this game, which I know people have done with L4D2. The ability to increase the rarity of drops by making the game harder for you is great. Also that if you die you get nothing, no matter how far through the level you are makes some of the latter parts of levels very tense. Finally the ability to take 5 crappy handguns and make a 1 good handgun makes it possible to get to tier loot simply with time. -Maps-Thought the variety of maps were good. From sunny farmsteads to dark city streats to underground rat holes. Some of the levels though did seem much more complex than others. One is simply a courtyard in which you defend some wells, while another is a phenomely well done wizards tower with Escher like rooms that were quick stunning. WHAT IS MISSINGWell compared to L4D2 it is missing some things at launch, which there is only vague rumours about being added. -Verses-There is no Verses option. Wouldnt mind being able to control some Gutter Runners or Rate Ogres. It was a very fun mode in L4D2 which it is sad to see is not here. That being said if it was added it would d open up the capacity for loot drops for the Skaven which would be sweet.-Mutations- The mutations in L4D2 offered some fun twists on the game that kept it fresh. Would love to see some interesting mechanics abused in Vermintide.Sadly though I think what I have enjoyed most about this game is its potential. The DLC I am imagining for this game would be great. So many avenues to go down, more characters, more items, more maps, more special skaven, more enemies.[if you add the ability to switch out the skaven for undead/chaos/orc, it would make every map play different and really up the replayability. ALSO you could make loot tied to the enemies you killed.]-Final thought-If you liked L4D2 the worst thing this game could make you do is reinvigorate you into going back and playing more of that, and is that the worst thing? at a best you just found a new love.
I love me some King's Bounty. But this is probably my least favourite. Playing as a muscel bound gruff norse viking man leads to pretty boring quests. Your just not smart enough to have interesting conversations, you are just ordered around from place to place. At least in the other games there was some semblance of self direction to your character.
A true 'experience' of gaming. You will feel weak, small, and oh so fragile, which makes becoming a badass by the end feels soooooo good.
78 minute game for $9.99The platforming is nothing new.The narrative is nothing inspiring.The puzzels are not interesting.BUT the art is very good.So its got that going for it.In terms of an artistic, simplistic, platformer its alright I guess. The platforming is just so weak, and the narrative doesn't fascinate. Many games out there for the same price point which will captivate you more and for longer. Wouldn't recommend unless you are really into the art.
Great logic game for primary school kids. Was a real love of mine when I was little. Playing it through now I can see the appeal. The graphics have really held up aswell, far better than nearly any other puzzle game on the market.
Super Delux Quality sidescrolling shooter. Very high grade polish, multiple characters with unique playstyles, voices, personalities and levels of difficulty. When you pull off a level perfectly you really feel like it had nothing to do with luck, it was all your skill.Also just really digged the Bunny Lord and Mike as characters.
Most enjoyable FPS in the last 5 years. Bolt action rifles have been a big love of mine since the old COD2, and in VERDUN they are the weapon to master if you want to succeed. If you are looking for a spray and pray, this is not it. It has enjoyable game modes and a brilliant COOP XP system. So why should you buy this game?1 - Rewarding game mode. The main game mode of Verdun is trench warfare. You have a set amount of time to try and take the enemies trench. If you kill enough of them you get bonus time to do this. If you have someone in the trench and your time runs out it goes into overtime. If you have more of your team in the trench than the enemy you start capping it, if you clear the enemy out, its yours. You then have to defend it from their counter attack, and if successful have a new trench to cap, thus changing the map you are playing on. A game is won by how many times you capture the enemies trench. I have seen many games go 0-0 as this is not easy. This produces a sense of significance when you do capture the trench. You feel like your team has actually accomplished something more than just killing all the members on the other team. The 0-0 matches are still highly enjoyable as you always come so close to capturing the enemies trench, and furthermore it is rather true to the nature of WW1 combat. 2 - Coop XP. We now live in the gaming world of FPS XP. This was great when it first came to be, but has since grown stale and rather broken, as those with more XP tend to have access to better equipment. Unlocking equipment is simple in Verdun, and you start with a bank of unlocks which you can choose to spend wherever you see fit. So you start the game able to compete fairly from the start. What is interesting is the XP you earn for your squad by working together with teammates. You have coop xp with those you play with, which levels up your squad, which unlocks minor perks, such as military uniforms from 1918, which look remarkably more badass than the 1914 ones. This provides good incentives for teamwork, but high level squads are rare and the perks small so as to not break the game at all.3 - Enjoyable Weapons. The AK47 and M16 are all fun and good. But they require little skill in a FPS compared to the bolt action rifles of old. If you want the feel of a game that actually rewards your accuracy and speed, this is it.10/10 - Best FPS in 5 years, no doubt.
