Game of the year 2009.  A fantastic, deep  and rewarding RPG.
Teslagrad is neat little game with a fantastic asthetic but unfortunately mediocre.It functions unremarkably as a puzzle game with only a handful mechanics to explore with the real strength lying in the story telling, but is this enough? The game treads too close to the likes of Braid and Limbo in which the lore of the world and the characters is explained in the world but the puzzle solving isn't satisfying and the mythos isn't interesting to carry you along. Boss fights border on tedious (notably, the final boss) and many puzzles kill the player if you fail. This isn't an issue in itself but it makes the turn over for retrying more tiresome then it should be as it is not instantious.It's worth playing if you can get it for less then $5 but it's nothing to write home about.
The less you know going into this game, the better the experience will be. Rest assured there is more then simply double checking immigration forms.Buy it.
Fast and stylish. Hotline Miami is only let down by its obfuscated story leaving puzzling and unservicable hints to a greater narrative.Much like the graphics and setting, the gameplay of Hotline Miami is a thowback to 'Nes difficulty' not unlike Super Meat Boy a few years ago. The game embraces its difficulty by slingshotting you back into the next attempt quickly with generous checkpointing and bite size levels. This means to rapidly reattempt levels, the scoring system and the rewards of new weaponry and mask makes Hotline Miami addictive and satisfying to complete.Highly recommended.
Sure, why not.
Strong contender for game of the year 2012, Dishonored utilizes a fantastic universe and exceptional gameplay to tell the revenge tale of Corvo Attano.The game is exceptionally opened giving the player true customization over how they wish to achieve their task which typically revolve around disposing (fatally or not) of key targets. The really appealing aspect of the game is each area is fairly open giving the player the choice on how they wish to achieve their task, which can range from stealhy sewer trecking utilizing magic to not be seen and non-lethally deal with targets or a more confronting method in which you unleash swarms of rats and shoot foes in the face.The setting of the game is also extremely cool. The city of dunwall is full of steampunk achievements, plague carrying rats and victims known as weepers and a secretive occult to the enimatic Outsider.Buy This Game.
Arguably the best RPG released in 2011. A must play
Fantastic roguelike with charm and personality. While not as punishing as older entries in the genre (such as NetHack), Dungeons of Dredmor still maintains a healthy difficulty. Complete with randomly generated bosses, levels, loot, traps, over 30 skills to choose from and amazing post-release support Dungeons of Dredmor offers near infinite replay value at a very affordable price.
Team Fortress 2 is no doubt one of the best FPS currently available on any platform. There is no reason to not own it.
