I feel after my 150 hours of this game I am ready to review this truly godly title. This game has more weapons and creatures than any other sandbox with its specially made system to randomly generate these objects. This game right now is packed with more content than terraria and has the most relaxing soundtrack I have heard. This is why i play this game, go mining and fighting. This game has a very bright future and I can't wait to see the day this game evolves into a even better form! This is a great game worth picking up for $15. so good luck young and old travellers! Enjoy this game to its fullest! As it is one of those rare, great, amazing titles to pick up!
This game is the Spawn of Ace of Spades before it went into being a purchasable game as I loved that game more than any other shooter I owned at the time. Now this has renewed the love for AoS and made it burn brighter than ever, I think the hate is unreasonable since its a early access game and non of you haters actually played. I don't get lag even when I live all the waaayyy! over in Australia and the game doesn't crash that often. Plus if you put some time in you Rank up and get free equipment and Weapons allowing you to ignore the shop as it might be replaced with in game Curency due to the Game being in EARLY ACCESS. All your hate reviews are Void as it is in Early Access and could change in a matter of months. It also says the prices will change from early access so i think it'll becom Better Than you think and maybe even overcome and be better that AoS This game is the only FTP shooter that works on my computer. I still have plenty of shooters on console and as a FPS veteran I say this game could be one of the best Sandbox FPS's out there
Galcon 2 Is plenty of fun when you send massive swarms towards enemies even when you don-'t this game is still one of the  Best Basic RTS games here. Even I can tell its fun from my short game time. The soundtrack is good, the community are great and the fun to find is greater. 10000/10 for me.Fun hint! go into the -mods- tab on the menu. You-'ll find even more fun there!
