this game is stupiditly fun. for all the clasification issues, removed items, internet hate, and bad reviews, there is a whole lot more love as well. a LOT MORE.first of all, the copycat problem. this game is NOT a copy of GTA in any way. can you explode aliens heads with rays in a simulated world in GTA? NO! thats because this game takes the average game, and SMOOSHES it down the drain.the game has infinite posabilities as well. do you feel like blowing up a group of dancing hot dogs using super fireballs? well, you can! you can do practicaly anything you want. it's that big.now here we are. no, in no way is this game worse because of the recycled city. think about this for a second. after sr2, imagine if volition recycled the city of stilwater AGAIN. sr3 would have been a dreadful hit. everyone would be hating on it because of the reused town. so, volition made a new city. and people hated them. but, imagine if volition had used the city for all the SR games. this game would have gotten nowhere sales-wise. i am glad that the steelport town was used again for this game. no joke.finally, are the superpowers worth the extra money? yes. they bring a whole new element of gameplay to an already existing genre. the endless hours of fun seen in other SR games are made better with these powers, because it allows more freedom, more quickly, and more gameplay, more smoothly.the story had been improved as well. instead of the silly sex jokes constintly used in the third game, this game uses well-written humor to its advantage. i grew attached to zinyak, the evil alien, due to his constant enjoyable cutscenes and speeches.this game improves over saints row the third in almost every aspect. the gameplay is smoother, the characters are more customisable (with a new feature that allows for change of pitch), the story is more involved, the humor is smart, and the game has so much to offer.so is it the best in the series? in my opinion, yes. before you storm me and destroy me, remember the order i have played the sr series in: SR3, SR4, SR2 (still finishing), and soon, SR. i am currently prefering it over SR2 because i find the missions and cutscenes a lot more exciting and open-eyed, with inclusion of licensed music and motion capture.this game is not only my favourite of the year, but has to be one of the best i have ever played, along the lines of the legend of zelda - majoras mask, and the elder scrolls V - skyrim.i give this title: 10/10
This game is really good. Tight controls, Fluid animation, Classic beat-em up gameplay, and a sweet vegas casino inspired soundtrack to listen to. If you aren't a big fan of fighting games like Street Fighter, you might not like this game much. But hey, I don't like Street Fighter! So you never know!
rude
