First game I tried out Steam's refund policy for. Safe to say I got my money's worth. This game is disgustingly un-optimised, runs like a fat man with heatstroke and is just plain broken.
Wait, hold on... I bought the game with the Harley Quinn DLC and because the developers/publishers decided at the last minute to scrap that idea and only include it in retail, I blew my money on something I won't even be getting? The optimisation is so half arsed I can't even... I want to love this game, I do, but it's just so hard to do so when us gamers get treated like utter ♥♥♥♥.UPDATE:I didn't mention this before but while it was obvious that the optimisation wasn't up to par (or even sub-par) the game was still generally playable on my system which is over 2 years old and running an AMD (Rocksteady, by the way, have confirmed that the PC version of AK had been outsourced to another developer, wooo, cause that can only end well!). The game was playable until reaching the point where you receive the new suit upgrade and have the options of completing the AR challenges. WELL, boy was I understating the lack of PC optimisation. The game literally turned into Powerpoint 97' as I attempted to complete the Batmobile AR Challenge and resulted in me failing the challenge numerous times due to the delay in pressing the space bar and Batman jettisoning himself from the drivers seat. It only got worse from there... I can't even describe how dissapointed I am with the absolute lack of quality assurance in this game. The fact that Rocksteady are now punting the blame onto another company for doing a crap job when they should have been working on this version in the first place is now just the cherry on top of this extremely ♥♥♥♥♥♥, radioactive chocolate sludge cake.
Promised myself I'd have a productive day. Spent 12 hours editing a video of Jimmy falling down Mt. Chilliad. 11/10wouldspendmylifesavingsagain
Live. Die. Repeat.
Not to be confused with Grindr
There's a very special place in hell reserved for games of this ilk. Rushed, buggy and poorly designed, I bought this with the Star Wars Humble Bundle and still feel like I didn't get my moneys worth (a whole $12, WHICH by the way came with 8 other fantastic Star Wars games) . I am embarrassed for whoever created this lazy piece of trash which is somehow shorter (4-5 hours), more repetitive and packed with far less features than the first Force Unleashed. I would rather sit on a tea crate and have chicken ♥♥♥♥ sprayed all over me than play this utter piece of ♥♥♥♥ again.
IT'S ALL ABOUT... CLAAAM CHOWDER
*sigh* Yet another AAA game plagued with horrible optimisation issues and crashes upon crashes upon crashes. I would have thought that the ♥♥♥♥♥torm of a PC release that was Arkham Knight would have been enough of a lesson for developers to get their act together and focus their efforts on the PC crowd just as much as they do for the console gamers, but apparently not. By all means, I'll delete this review if by some divining miracle Squenix/Avalanche release a patch to fix all of the slowdown, which occurs whenever something explodes (which is kind of a problem when you base a large majority of your game around blowing ♥♥♥♥ up). It's painfully obvious to see that Just Cause 3 is an incredibly enjoyable game masked beneath a laggy mess. I won't recommend this game until Avalanche fixes the performance.
