its ♥♥♥♥ing garbage played ♥♥♥♥in loads of this ♥♥♥♥ devs have no ♥♥♥♥ing clue what theyre doing the stupid C - U - N -T - S focus  on adding a faulty ragdoll system and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ useless smoke grenades instead of fixing the fact that if pull out your gun you run the risk of just walking off a roof and dying this game has taken too long to fix its bu llshi t garbage movement sytem its honestly pathetic f u  ck you dev  c    un ts                         drink bleach and die
 i regret everything
What the ♥♥♥♥ did you just ♥♥♥♥ing say about me, you little ♥♥♥♥♥? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I’m the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the ♥♥♥♥ out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my ♥♥♥♥ing words. You think you can get away with saying that ♥♥♥♥ to me over the Internet? Think again, ♥♥♥♥er. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You’re ♥♥♥♥ing dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ♥♥♥ off the face of the continent, you little ♥♥♥♥. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your ♥♥♥♥ing tongue. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ idiot. I will ♥♥♥♥ fury all over you and you will drown in it. You’re ♥♥♥♥ing dead, kiddo
the walking dead survival survival instint more like the wailing dumb super incest honestly this game doesnt even deserve a ♥♥♥♥ing title if you own this game and dont regret playing it its probably best you make a bleach smoothie and sip on that ♥♥♥♥ while slitting your wrists and bathing with you ♥♥♥♥ing toaster this game has me suicidal and im thinking about taking these ♥♥♥♥ers to court for child molestation as this game has robbed me of my innocence and virginity
Trucks and trailers, ahh this game is genre defining.Pros-A cheap way to tell all your friends you are a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ who has no friends-Cheap aneurisms and fun epileptic episodes- If you wish to experience the same ammount of pain as being curcumsised by a blunt rake covered in vinegar you can try and park a truck in this game Cons -Everything-Dont buy this unless you are a loser and wish to never see that day when you drunk abbusive father finally says he is proud of you.
Ek is mal oor hierdie game .. Maar klep verwoes dit met een van sy nuutste updates ...As jy -'n kompeterende wedstryd gevind voordat jy begin die rigting van jou reis sal jy -'n klank lêer van -'n soilder sê hoor - Kom ons roll- oll ! - as gevolg van -'n paar ♥♥♥♥♥♥ fout... Hulle vaste dit so nou al wat ons kry is - Kom ons rol ! - ....ONAANVAARBAAR ... Valve fix pls♥♥♥ die dev se moet hulle selfmoord pleeg !
