Square's Route is a game in which you control a cube within a mostly isometric world.The aim is to navigate throughout each level so that you squish the specified plants. To squish them, you must move over them with the plant's corresponding colour face down on the cube, however every time you move the cube, it will roll, causing the positions of the colours to change. While this may sound simple, it can get very difficult to work out.Square's Route is very well designed, introducing one new feature and challenge at a time, with level design that ensures you understand what is being introduced before you proceed. I never felt too overwhelmed, but it mixed up the gameplay and kept it interesting.Square's route is incredibly cute and full of charm. You should enjoy this game if you enjoy puzzles, planning ahead, and spatial reasoning.
Think of minesweeper crossed with sudoku.Hexcells Infinite is basically that with a few extra gimmicks added in.When playing, I feel like I'm using sudoku logic, but in a binary way, where each square will be either blue or black.Despite the simplicity of how it looks, this is actually a fairly challenging game.Apparantly you never have to guess on any level, even if it is a procedurally generated one, but sometimes, I'll be looking at the puzzle for a while, oblivious to what I'm supposed to do next.This is a fun game if you enjoy thinking things through logically and enjoy puzzles such as sudoku. I personally enjoy this more than sudoku.As a bonus, completing a level will create a pattern, which is interesting to look at sometimes.
This game is fun with an interesting and unique mechanic that is both fun and rewarding to learn.Often you will find yourself thinking outside of the box while playing each level to reach the exit.The storyline is engaging and entertaining and makes sense in the context of the game. It does not feel like it is forced in at all.You might be worried about replayability, but with the addition of the level creator, the community can now create and share their own levels very easily. This adds seemingly infinite amounts of replayability.If you enjoy puzzles, especially those involving spatial awareness and unique mechanics, you will enjoy Portal 2.
Fun software to use. Simple to use and fairly effective. I use a low quality and low fps camera (8-9 fps). My lighting conditions are also often far from ideal. Although the conditions are bad, FaceRig does an admirable job of accurately tracking my movements. I have had very few problems with it.While I used FaceRig, I could hardly tell that it was still in Beta.There are also optional fixes for some problems you might encounter that you can enable in the settings if you encounter that problem. (eg. Eyes not opening)If you are thinking of getting FaceRig, you should get it. It is worth every cent.
After playing this, I found it to be amazing. There is so much to do and they claim that there will be lots more content in future updates. This game is a must have.
This game is essentially a maze where things are not as they seem and where it changes with seemingly no reason.As you play more, you will likely start to understand what makes the maze change. You will also acquire -guns- which allow you to manipulate some blocks in the maze to aid you.Guns will get better the more you find and allow you to access new areas if you can understand how to use and manipulate it-'s effects.Simplistic level design and no storyline. Any storyline will be mostly made up by the player.Very little replayability, but there are many different paths and solutions for puzzles leading to those paths that give you a few things to go back and complete.I-'d recommend this game if you like mazes and thinking in a way that contradicts logic.This will be a very confusing game for you if you are not prepared.
This is a great game. It was worth my money and I have been very satisfied with it. It also has over 15 billion (15 000 000 000) weapons. Be sure to get it.
I think that this game deserves a lot more attention.I found it a very fun game to play but it all depends on the type of games that you like to play.It has some bugs, but they are looking to patch as much as possible.This game was made by 2 brothers!Do some research on this game to see if it is your thing.
This is a great game.There are a variety of playable characers and they all have their strengths and weaknesses making the gameplay balanced. There are also updates very often that include new things and fix bugs. This game is also free. The only things that you miss out on by not paying are rarer cosmetic items and weapons with kill counters. You can still get everything else. If you are free to play and have generous friends, it is possible to get these things anyway.You should definitely get this.
