When I first got this game, I spend about 100 hours getting skills and getting ready to take on online people and pros. This time was well spent as I was playing so much better than some players that went directly to multiplayer, for new players, offline bots do help a lot!Now I was up to the stage where I felt that I needed that Paid-to-Play (PTP). So I went ahead and got it. The second I got that PTP it opened up so much more of TF2 than what it was like before PTP, however, after finding my first hat, PTP TF2 players will find that TF2 was almost a man's dressup game or as most people would call it now, a hat simulator. As PTP, it is important that you don't get fustrated when you don't get stuff you want even though you find items about 15-50% faster than Free-to-Play (FTP) users.Then it happens again, but this time you unboxed your first unusal. Everything changes again and the game becomes much more exiting, I found that most players that have unusals (kind of going to use a common FTP reference) like to train and become better at that specific class. As FTP, you will see peeople wearing those unusals and become either jealous, fustrated that they are so good and sometimes call them hackers (and who knows, maybe they are hacking?).But overall, you can worry about how good you look, but just look good in those Freeze Cam and show how good looking you are, but that shouldn't stop you actuly being a FTP and playing the game even though you are PTP.Lastly what you should note about TF2 is that it isn't repetive like some games like Neverwinter etc. There is always going to be new players with new styles of gameplay that makes this game very interesting too, reguard less if they are PTP or FTP.My final thoughts? This game is great, also makes a good time killer if you have some spare time on your hands. This game can keep you hooked for hours on hand, and as PTP, you do a lot of trading, so sometimes is good to watchout for scamers or people in high demand for something. In addtion, this game is extreamly good looking as well, in both gameplay and graphics. TF2 is going to be a hard one to beat!~ 9/10
Robocraft, a game that encourages it-'s players to be creative about what they build. Sadly, I-'d hardly come to that conclusion, but hear me out, this game as potential, but it-'s biggest flaw is its game balance, especially with their new additions of weapons including the LOML.So why do I think that this game should be given credit, given the negative start? To put it simply, Freejam have been listening to their community, but are taking different approaches at different times, I-'ve gotta give them that. The balance changes are absolutely necessary to Robocraft-'s survival on Steam, and if they keep it up, this can be top charting in no time.EDITED FOR LATEST UPDATES (1st August 2016)So what’s GOOD about Robocraft? This game promotes being creative and a bit smart about your creations. Yes, sometimes your dream robot doesn-'t work and you end up dying the second you spawn in, but that is the idea, trial and error, finding what works and what doesn-'t. Whilst many see this as a way to make ugly, but very effective killing machines, this shouldn-'t stop users from creating what they want: stupid, smart, ugly, cool looking robots that may or may not work Weapon and Utility Diversity: On top of the fact that you-'re able to build you robot, there is many choices that allow for your ideal robot to work. With one of their changes from previous versions, which was the ability to have multiple weapon types, as allowed players to have a little stratergy in their robots. Whilst many people tend to overlook this factor, it does allow for new and interesting playstyles, not to mention the different types of mobility that there is. Yes, if you fly, you-'ll most likely get 1-shooted across the map by a LOML, but if Freejam play their cards right, there will be many interesting play styles to come. Gameplay: Enough about the building component of the game, lets talk gameplay. The game play for Robocraft is very smooth and easy to learn from. Everything you need is right in front of you. The changes they made from the older versions, especially without the pilot block, allowed players to survive a lot longer than before. For most players, this change was so minor that they eventually quit because they ceased to look in and see what they could do to improve, whether it be build another robot, or play the game differently. On my old review, I covered the topic of teamwork and how this was a prominate thing throughout RoboCraft, however, since these latest updates, this has been thrown completely out the window. I-'ve seen too many solo players ace entire teams, to the point of spawn camping.So what is BAD about Robocraft? Serious Gameplay imbalances: Since FreeJam rolled out their new Robits currency system, this game has gone to absolute ****! Farming has become more tedious, less effective and more based on luck, which for a game like Robocraft is just way out of line. For a game that encourages creativity and thought, then do just add... a luck based system? This is the worst feature I-'ve ever seen in Robocraft-'s development. I do like this concept, but it is so biased and based on luck that there is no point to farming and you may as well pay for the crates (then still get absolutely nothing). This leads onto my next point. Paid to play Bias: In a review I did a few years ago on this game, this was one reason I had down voted this game. Now the old RP system worked perfectly, it gave players the right amount of RP based on their performance, double for premium (which I personally hated, I mean, pay to get double money? NOPE). However, FreeJam took the right step and that was to remove the GC premium currency, but at the same time, they took a step in the wrong place by introducing the Robits and Crate system. You can now get crates, unbox them, and use those cubes in robots, recycling or whatever. But this is where they screwed up, and tried to remove the negative freemium title from this game, ladies and gentlement, the updated freemium feature, BUY CRATES! This is not only broken in that its crates, but they give you the best tier crate? I-'ll give them space for being generous for people donating towards the game, but this is an almost -f*** you- to the players who can-'t or don-'t want to donate for some reason, but love the game.So some solutions to this, I-'m absolutely fine with premium players getting double rewards, but not double items in crates! The Crate items are mainly useless and the old RP system worked better, this allowed players who struggled to get high tier items get them easier without the heavy grind. However, if Freejam want to keep their new Robits system, it needs some serious work, especially the heafty fee for recycling cubes.Now that my long explanation of the game is done, I bet barely anyone read it, but if you did, I can only say this, Robocraft, fun, but is missing very crucial components that would make this an ideal game for anyone, hence the start of this review.
I loved the old classic Ace of Spades, but when I found out that you had to pay for Ace of Spades... Yes there are more game modes, but this time there is just too much that beginners may have trouble getting used to the game as quick as possible. I am a Ace of Spades verteran but whe my friend got it for the first time, he had so much trouble getting around the game modes. The only good new gamemode you now have is the Zombies. I Give it a 3.5/5
Ok, so lets start. The game is fun at the start and you get to know the basics. But after finishing the turtorial and a few other levels of beating other player's castles it starts to get repeative. Litterally all there is to it is fighting th same castle over and over and over. All because it takes forever to level up your character and castle. I wish I could recommend this game, but there just need to be a bit more varaity in castle making. Another thing is that the game takes way too long to play, you could play this game for a full straight 24 hours and to Ubisoft, its absolutly no progress... I thought this was a good game, until I noticed all these problems. So unless you want to waste about a week of your life, DO NOT PLAY!!!
I've used this software even before it was released on Steam. Even before GMS was even created. This program and it's community has definiately changed to a positive, imaginative community.The great thing about GameMaker: Studio (GMS) is that when you have an idea, you can easily create it using this program. I've used this application for years, but for those seeking some sort of career in game design, you should look else where. As the description of this app says, it is an easy way to make CASUAL games, and it certianly lives up to that expectation.After clocking up 1,000 hrs plus the ones before it was released on Steam, I can steadily say that this program is definately worth investing your time into if you are not familiar with code or game design. Which also leads to my next point, the community.The community is great, when you're stuck and can't find a way around a problem, the community is there to help give an answer. While I have rarely needed to seek answers from the community, when I had to, it was absolutely spot on.I have the standard version of GMS, but if you want to keep making games using GMS, I'd highly suggested getting the PROFESSIONAL version instead. However, if you're just a casual who wants to spend their time making games and wants to purchase this, STANDARD version is the way to go.Pros about GMS:Very easy to use, a recommended for beginners.Allows users to organize their game assets, allowing you to quickly access stuffSimple coding language (GML) to make casual gamesHelp menu is very specific for each individual function/constant, allowing easy access to complex functionsAllows users to install DLLs which give access to new functions, or allow the user to refine their game/sCons about GMS:It is designed to create CASUAL games, not big, high-end games like CoD or CS:GOVery minimal 3D functions, requires addtional DLLs to compensate.In itself, does not have as much potential as other coding languages (XML, C++ etc.)
Great overall, nicely done.Only 2 things are bugging me SO much:1) The fact that party sizes are capped at 22) Penalties for declining matches (this is normaly the case because you have more than 2 friends you want to play with, hence problem number 1)Another great game, but again, the social features need some tweaking.
