 Counter Strike: Global Offensive Review-t UPDATE 1: I have stopped playing as I feel I am quite ♥♥♥♥ at the game, wasting 400 hours on  a game that never gave me the enjoyment that other games did. Overview-t Counter Strike: Global Offensive (CS:GO or GO for short) is an online tactical and first-person shooter. The aim of the game depends on the game mode. Game modes consist of modes like Demolition and Hostage Rescue. Modes-t In Demolition, the Terrorists (T for short) have to plant a bomb at one of two sites, Site A or Site B. The Counter-Terrorists (CT for short) have to stop the Terrorists by erradicating the enemy team. Each player starts off with a standard pistol and $800, which they can buy other weapons and gear with. As you progress through the game, winning or losing, you gain more cash to get bigger and better weapons. The first to win 16 rounds wins.In Hostage Rescue, the Terrorists most -protect- the hostages from the Counter-Terrorists while the Counter-Terrorists must take the hostages to the evac zone marked in green on the minimap. If either team erradicates the other, they win.In Casual, your rank is not affected by your wins/loses. Other modes, like surfing and -Cas Team Deathmatch- are in here.  Ranks-t   Catagory ScoreStatement   Gameplay 9Gameplay is fun and quick, however, it can get really intense at times, making it more fun!   Graphics 7Graphics are a plus for this addition to the Counter-Strike series. It is a very good looking game to play in.   Teamwork 9Teamwork is esential in this game, otherwise, the game is ruined.  [/table]
Even though i haven't got much game time on the PC version, I have alot of experience on the XBOX 360 version (200hrs minimum). I highly recommend this game to anyone who wants to deside their destiny, whether it be a master theif, arena champion maybe the best wizard in the world! This game is for people who love a deep story and love to choose what happens next.Go to all the cities of Cyrodill, or get some mods and go to other provinces, maybe Morrowind? Find secrets at every turn! Start one quest, accidently stumble upon another.Decide the fate of man as you, along side the Blades fight the evils within Oblivion!If you want one of the best RPG experiences ever, get this game.
Again, I haven't got as much play time on PC, but on XBOX, I have heaps (minimum 250 hrs)Become the strongest person in Skyrim, the Dragonborn, and defeat the dragon threat!The dragons have returned to Skyrim, 200 years after the Oblivion Crisis. They are stronger then ever and are out to inslave the human race again.Or, become the arch-mage of the Mages Collage, or leader of the Companions, or maybe the most feared theif in the land! Master you voice to defeat the Dragons, or help in the civil war.Decide your alliance. Either the Imperials, who fight for Skyrim to remain in the Empire, or Stromcloaks, who fight for independence from the Empire. Who ever you choose, it will be a great experience for you!Many dark secrets await you, in The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim!
-Yeah-~Sniper, 1969
GET THIS NOW! IT IS SO FUN!
EDITThis game, over the past few weeks, has been stablised and fixed. Loot now spawns, game runs smooth and zombies can really attack you now!From my old review, I rated it 3/10. Now it is a solid 7/10, not perfect, but a big step-up from its abysmal release. OLD REVIEWAnother zombie survival game that is doomed because of lying and deceiving developers.Poor excuse even for an Early Access -game-R.I.P H1Z1 (15/1/2015 - 16/1/2015)
