I may have fallen in love with this game. The soundtrack is very soothing, and relaxing, and the artstyle is incredible, and the voice acting is on point. The gameplay is simple and can be finished quite quickly. I have replayed it more than once. Definitely worth playing if you are keen for a point and click puzzle adventure with a good mystery. The puzzles are also really well done, not too much of a challenge, but it's enjoyable. I really enjoyed the style and format of this game, and I am waiting for more... :D
I've been waiting for this game to come out on PC, and this is purely the reason I got a steam account. This is a wonderful puzzle, point and click game, with an excellent soundtrack and storyline. Beautiful art style. Absolutely loved it :D
This is a delightful puzzle point and click game. The art style is wonderfully simplistic and modern, but what will truly capture you is the intriguing mystery. Not an overly long plotlength, I found it was well paced. (I did go through the satisfaction of the 100% steam achievements).In short, a great game, especially if on sale :)
Ace Attorney with animals and PUNS!!At the same time it had me contemplate the true meaning of Justice.I love the art style for this game, its wonderful script and it's soundtrack. There are many variations for endings, and I highly recommend that you play through them all. Definitely worth a playthrough!
PUZZLES? MYSTERY?Calling all puzzle solvers, this is the game for you. The quality of this game is astounding. I bought this during the steam summer sale, and I am not disappointed. And I was so determined to beat this game. This isn't a very long game either (although I did leave it running whilst doing other things). The controls are very simple, and the hint system is very well done, gentle nudges if you find yourself drawing a blank, at the same time not spoiling the entire game.10/10
This is a delightful little puzzle game with a great soundtrack. The black and white pixel art is cute and fun. There are some places I spent way too much time *cough cough* smiling computer. Although it has great puzzles, 25 of them is a bit much, and it does get tedious after a while.That said it's free, not overly time consuming and a nice little chill game.
This is a lovely little short Point and Click puzzle adventure. It took me around 18 minutes to complete, I'd recommend this as a short cool down game if you have free time.
How to play:Step 1: Design the perfect version of youStep 2: MOTHERLODEStep 3: Build and Design your perfect homeStep 4: Attempt to get laidStep 5: Leave it for about 3 months and start again from step 1
I bought this game on impulse at a steam sale, not aware of its difficulty or having used a 360 controller prior to this (shush, don't judge me). The first time I played I kept dying to the Asylum Demon, completely unaware of the open doorway to the side...The game doesn't spoon feed you, sure you get some helpful controls scattered along the floor, but after that you're on your own. Death is frustrating, especially when you know you were too greedy with attacks. But nothing feels better than defeating a boss you've been struggling on. The overwhelming taste of sweet sweet victory, your hands shake from the the pure euphoria and rush. I've had a taste, and now I'm addicted.To anyone who thinks this game might be too intimidating: If I could get past Capras Demon, someone who's barely played an RPG, I'm pretty sure anyone can.BLIGHTTOWN!! BRING IT ON
