Best Sci-Fi Game sound track ever!!! This game has sucked more hours away from me than DayZ.  But it does it in a non intrusive kind of way.  Unlike DayZ where you feel every second of every minute of every hour of the day.  Starbound eases you into a false sense of control, what was once a quick 11pm mining run, easily and unnoticeably turns into a 3am dash for cash to the center of the earth.Been playing a little of the single player campaign to learn the ropes and get a feel of the mechanics but this game really shines with a few mates online in a locked down server working together for hours and hours on end crafting, building, hunting, looting, cooking etc..   Many a times have we seen the sunrise while playing this game and thought to ourselves -Another day at work with less than 3 hours sleep...... totally worth it!-.
Let me start off by saying this game is not for the faint hearted! You will die and you will die a lot!!! Unlike Tiny Barbarian this game will test your skills at every corner, it has a steep learning curve that will punish you at every turn.  How you proceed in Volgarr is to die and learn from your mistakes.  Your health is made up by items that you collect along the way, for example your shield and helemt each add an additional Health Point to your armour, each time you get Hit you lose an item until you finally die. Controls are a bit limited and there are no checkpoints along the way.Being such a hard game makes every level you complete feel like such a mammoth victory, having mastered all the enemys, traps and string them together to safley get you through a level actually gives you a sense of accomplishment.  It has the feel of a Money hungry arcade game forcing you to enter more coins and learn the game so that you can progress.  But in saying that the difficulty is just about right to keep you keen enough to complete each level and battle on.
As close as you'll ever get to the feel of a real pinball machine.  Really enjoying the new gameplay.
Great game, well written, funny and at times emotionally horrific.  It made my day!!! Check out how my first adventure went here.http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=wRREG25uUmY
Awesome arcade action, Has the feel of Ghost & Goblins mixed with some Rastan and Golden axe to boot.  Would recommmend to anyone who enjoyed those classic arcade games. Controls are amazing has great replay value, one of my favourite games of the summer.
