What a genuine diamond in the rough.This game captures the monotonous tone of a dead-end job and stylises it to perfection.I really appreciate the little things Lucas Pope snuck in for replay value and just the funny little side-happening which occur now and again, not to mention the suspense of working to earn a pay for your family.Another thing that really clicks with Papers, Please and I is the genuine question towards morals and work. Do you let a senile, old woman through the checkpoint after pleading and begging for your mercy? At the cost of your entire career? Or do you deny her, sending her to a one-way trip to absolutely no-where.Either way, I loved this game, it really knew how to get to me.Rating: 8.8/10Personal Rating: 'Modern Art-Ranking on Top 10: 4.
Alright, first of all? First of all;I-'ve been a huge supporter of Undertale since it-'s Kickstarter campaign in 2013. But I didn-'t entirely know what to expect from the game-'s full release. To be honest, I was nervous as to whether it would be as good as the 40 minute Beta.And after beating the game? I-'m at a loss for words.This game has almost all the aspects of a lot of other games that I truly admired for years before even knowing about Undertale. But Undertale? It gets those features that made games like Cave Story and MOTHER 3 and ramps it up to a solid 11.It-'s clear that Toby Fox, and his other colleagues behind the creation of Undertale, put years of dedication, passion and love into this GameMaker Studio™ title, and for what it is, it exceeds all expectations. But that-'s enough about the game in general, allow me to discuss the key elements of the game that will make it worth your time.Let-'s start with the gameplay itself, as that IS the central core of the game.The gameplay is very similar to that of the MOTHER/EarthBound series. In which you control a child, which you then promptly name. This child then stumbles into a vast labyrinth deep under a mountain known as -The Underground-, and it-'s your task to escape said caverns. The Underground is full of what are known as -Monsters.- a race of often anthropomorphic creatures, with some exceptions. As you make your way through the caverns, you begin to face monsters in combat, wherein you can choose to slaughter them or persuade them to see you as friendly and to leave you alone. Each option equally difficult to execute. Also, in combat, you dodge enemy attacks by moving your character-'s -soul- out of the way of their projectiles, which adds in a fun, bullet-hell spin on what would otherwise be a generic turn-based RPG fighting system.Secondly; the art. The artstyle is, for what it is, consistant to the nature of the game itself, while still managing to display colour and variety. For instance, you could be talking to a beautifully sprited, handsome skeleton man one minute, but then in the next room, you-'re caught face to face with a mishmash of shapes, colours and voices, beckoning you to sit down and share a glass of water with them. On a note of the art present in Undertale, the battle scenes, while purely in black and white, rarely sporting coloured, geometric backgrounds are beautifully animated, making it seem like the characters themselves aren-'t just static sprites, but actually friends and foes, challenging you to a match of wits and strength. However, while a lot of the overworld sprites (characters/objects you encounter when not in combat) don-'t have shading, it still suits the beautifully crafted room textures and landscapes. Overall? The art in the game is far above average, and is both beautiful and emanates a sense of purpose into each room.Also? Music.Toby Fox is quite the renowned musician when it comes to quality Video Game Music, which adds another entire layer of perfection to this game. Each song is written to convey a message, or a story, or to give life to the already lustrous scenery and battles. I myself, was already a huge fan of Toby-'s work in the hit webcomic -Homestuck.- so I knew from the start that this game-'s soundtrack would be an absolute treat to listen to. I promptly bought the soundtrack as I bought the game itself on Steam. And might I say? It was a wise investment. The soundtrack of Undertale has over 100 individual songs, each one a blissful tune, which I believe may become well-known classics in VGM history.Now, let-'s get down to business. Let-'s discuss my favourite part of the game.The characters.Good grief, I have never played a video game with such nuanced, charming and overall relatable characters in my life. Each character is blessed with dreams, goals, ideals and individual quirks which shape and mold their personalities into unique, fun and heart-warming characters.*Cough cough* Mom, I mean- Toriel.. Or even thoroughly despicable, loathsome characters. *Cough cough* Which may end up being some of your FAVOURITE characters.The story? I-'m gonna keep it quick for you.Undertale has, in my oppinion, one of, if not THE most engaging and satisfying stories I-'ve ever seen in any video game. Laughter, sadness, hatred, remorse, empathy and cruelness are all emotions that I had felt while playing, and feeling like a part of the story, not just watching some child and their endeavors. I find this is because the characters interact WITH you, as opposed to just sitting there, watching the characters sort out the situation like a third wheel. It-'s a genuinely, intreaguing experience.So there you have it. What do I think of Undertale?I think it-'s the most marvelous video game I-'ve ever had the honour to play.10/10. An A+ effort by Toby Fox and the team behind it-'s creation.Aheh... S-Sorry about everything, Flowey...
This game reminds me of something child-like and innocent that died inside of me a long time ago.I cherish and commend it for that.In all honesty though, this is one of the most solid games I've ever played.The atmosphere, the pacing, the overall different play-styles and weapons.And just the sheer innocence of a game that isn't a brown FPS game is to die for, in my oppinion.If you're alot like me and can really appreciate 8-bit/16-bit graphics and music, this is a must-have.This game is the reason I get up in the morning.Pixel, you truly are a king amoungst men.Score: 10/10Personal Ranking: My version of The Bible Ranking on top 10: 0 1/2
