Borderlands 2 is in my opinion one of the best shooters I have -ever- played, the comedy is brilliant and the world design is immaculate ( I also enjoy the art style). Each individual character has a story to tell and I thought that these were excecuted brilliantly. I also like the constant flow of DLCs each adding something new to the games already brilliant story. Weapons, shields, class mods and cash are always littering the battlefield after a match, although I have not been able to play with co-op I still find this game extremely enjoyable and that it keeps me interested at every turn and I shall continue to play this game further into the future. Congratulations Gearbox and 2k. I highly recommend this game:  I rate it 9.8/10
This game would be good if it didn't have horrid connection issues, horrid glitches and a horrid community. Like if you thought Rust and DayZ was bad, wait till you see this. The aussie servers have MAJOR hacking issues as well. I tried so hard to like this game through all the bulls**t and drama but it just... isn't good. It should be early access. It's disgusting to look at, awful to play. Its just bad, please never buy this game.TD;LR NEVER BUY THIS GAME
This is a very good game at times. Some things to remember though:-Don't rage quit.-Don't call someone a hacker just because they killed you (you're not invincible).-Understand that you will be killed and it will be annoying.-Learn to play before you throw loads of money into it.This game has a lot of good points and some bad ones but lets start with the pros.Pros:-Amazing character customisation with such fabulous hair colour options. :D-Great selection of guns, most of which are available through gameplay.-Shooting is fun and it's surprsingly accurate even without the ability to scope or use iron sights.-Basically everything is customisable in this game so you can make the most fabulous and or sexy, awesome, epic, frightning or badass character ever.-Driving was weird at first but when you get the hang of it, it becomes very rewarding.-Criminals have lots of side activities to participate in.-Didn't encounter many bugs or crashes.Cons:-Those who pay for the best gear have a definite advantage but are not invincible.-Without paying for premium there are customisation limitations which can be quite irritating.-There are way too many annoying little kids (9-14 or basically anyone with a level of maturity equal to those ages or less) playing this game even though its R18 which can be annoying.-Enforcers can only really do missions to get level up their contacts and make money. You can arrest criminals here and there IF YOU CATCH THEM IN THE ACT, they are usually pretty sneaky too and avoid the action, as you do.Overall there isnt much wrong with this game and it has what you would expect from a F2P game or MMO so I give in a 7/10
It has a good story with a fluent combat system which although not completely responsive does have a good feel.This game does have some rather funny moments and throws happiness out in bundles. There is a good lot of costumes which you can mix and match to suit your style as well as raising or lowering your attractiveness.The weapon upgrades are nice and i love the feeling of opening the chests and gates on the road to rule, full of weapon upgrades, lifestyle unlocks and new spell gauntlets which in time can be mixed together. All this to lead a revolution to become king (or queen) and free the land of Albion from this time of oppresion.
A Brilliant Third-person shooter that really makes you enjoy parkour and gun&sword-play
A great Sci-Fi RPG that will satisfy any sci-fi lover's game hunger
