What can I say?1 hour of gameplay to explore the universe and get 12 of 16 achievements.10000 hours to get the final 4 achievements AND become extremely good at doing nothing, seeing only the endless nothingness that exists in space, endeavouring to explore strange new worlds but seeing nothing, going where no man has gone before ..... wait .... that has already been done. There is nothing to see in our universe ...... NOTHING.11/10. Would do another 10000 hours to finally see something.
The first game to be released on a DVD! Was a groundbeaking game and led to the creation of many of the sandbox games out today. Still an awesome adventure and I WILL finish it one day! Keep saying that I must be getting close.
You guys really must give this game a go. It is fast, furious and damned frustrating chasing the extra hundredths of a second needed to grab that next medal. The best part is that you can play a free version of Trackmania - -Trackmania Nations- - to test it out an the Stadium circuits and see if you like it, then you can jump right in and purchase the full version.World leaderboards and an extensive community for additional track downloads and on-line head to head match races add to the excitement. So what are you waiting for!I give it 4 stars out of 5, cause NO game is beyond improving.
I have tried a number of Digital Pinball games over the years and this, without doubt, is BY FAR as close to playing a real pinball table as you will get. Absolutely brilliant. Don't believe me? It is FREE to install and has one table completely FREE TO PLAY forever. No trial periods. No time limits. No money. PERIOD. Try it ........ NOW!I will be adding tables to my collection in the very near future. I mean ...... WOW!!!!!
Looking for something completely insane and totally useless. This is the game for you. Four courses of unbelievable mini golf impossibility, four crazy characters, power-ups, obstacles, tournaments and a course editor. 3d Ultra have made some interesting games out of simple ideas and this is another of those. May not have the longevity of games like Killing Floor, but will leave you a zombie none-the-less and the kids will enjoy it.
