Holy crap, what is there to be said about this game? How on Earth do I explain how utterly mind-melting it is without spoiling the most freakish and complex components of the story?Well, for one thing, the game starts you off with a very simple rules; Time only moves when you do, and red guys are the baddies... or are they???Superhot, or, rather, SUPERHOT makes you question yourself again and again as you go deeper and deeper into the levels. Should I be doing this? What happens if I don-'t listen? Am I in control? What am I working towards? The game is uniquely frightening for the questions it, not only, makes you ask yourself but also forces you to ponder on.There-'s not a great way to demonstrate just how odd the game makes you feel without giving away the ending, but it is absolutely worth a try if you-'re happy to dedicate a few hours to find yourself falling deeper and deeper into a rabbit hole that doesn-'t want to let go of you. And that-'s one of the key elements of the game that can creep you out; you are told to stop playing the game, but the game doesn-'t want you to quit.-The most innovative shooter I-'ve played in years.-
A beautifully constructed game filled to the absolute ♥♥♥♥ing brim with an immersive and relatable narrative. The game is gorgeous beyonds words, even at low graphics settings, the dialogue is so believable and cheery. Each change in the plot is just as engaging as the last and every odd noise of the forest will keep you on your toes. The game only takes about 3-5 hours to get through but is incredibly engaging and well structured for such a short period of time. Definitely worth a play if you get the chance, definitely one of the best narratively formed and engaging video games I've played in a while.Firewatch is beautiful.
Borderlands 2 is an immeasurably fun experience, from the four different classes to the varying, beautiful landscapes, it certainly brings the world of Pandora to life. The humour of the game is perfectly interwoven into the story and gameplay, as it is used rather subtly and appropriately, as if actual people were making the jokes and not characters from a sitcom. Ridiculous characters make ridiculous entrances, and serious moments are reacted to appropriately by all.-Man, this is one of them moments..... CATCH A RIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIDE!-The game has a massive variety of enemies throughout the world that contribute to the believability of Pandora, as each area has creatures to fit the theme of the map. Though at times the enemies can feel a little unfair, as Threshers can come out of nowhere to hit you for big damage, Stalkers will hunt you down relentlessly and Spiderants are just plain unavoidable. Though this doesn-'t retract massively from the excellent gameplay that has been laid down.Overall, the fighting works well, each character has their own unique quirks and backstory, and every passing line in the game feels as if the characters was actually speaking to you. Again, the humour in this game is fantastic, and aids in setting up the world of Pandora amazingly.
Fantastic game, wonderfully designed to match the features of Portal 2 but makes it extremely more difficult. While the story is definitely set out well and Virgil, the new core, is a joyful addition to the game this can often be undercut by the difficulty of the game, as it will often take vigorous methodical work to even get close to an answer for a course that is something you wouldn't even consider as it goes against the puzzle solving mechanics of the original two games.However, the voice-acting, interactions with Virgil and the very pleasant old timey feel of the game helps to push you through it, and at a total of zero dollars makes for an enjoyable journey through the old Portal universe that you've been missing for four years. I would definitely recommend it for those who've been waiting for Portal 3, as it may be the closest we'll ever get, but maybe not for those with short patience, as it is definitely a game of hard thinking.The ending is superb, it has a beautiful soundtrack, Virgil is a splendid character to take you on the adventure and in the end the game just FEELS like a new Portal game. It is fantastically well done and fantastically difficult.
Brilliant game, difficulty not too high not too low, BEAUTIFUL scenery, absolutely gorgeous graphics, although sometimes the collectibles can be really really really tricky to find as you need a decoder to do so. But still, definitely buy this, fantastic.9/10
