American Mcgee's Grimm, an episodic series originally released for Gametap and made by American Mcgee an Spicy Hoarse, known for the Alice games and constantly cancelling Mcgee's Oz Projects. You play as the evil dwarf named Grimm, and his mission is to change cute and happy fairy tales into dark and twisted stories. The gameplay is very simple, running, jumping and occasionally butt stomping. The goal is to turn everything around you into a dark wasteland in order to progress with altering tales such as Little Red Riding Hood, A Christmas Carol, Pinnochio, Cinderella, Jack and the Banstalk, and many other tales. Each episode opens up with a cutscene to showcase the stories Light Theater with it's cute and cuddly characters, after completing each mission of an episode, you'll be able to watch the Dark Theater mode to see Grimm's version of the tale. Some episodes include power ups such as high jump, super butt stomp, flaming pee, and others. Each episode has a collection of Secret Tokens, collecting them al will unlock the Gallery and view both the light and dark versions of props and sets of each episode, too bad it doesn't show the character models. The only issue I had with this game is being stuck inbetween obsticales which can be annoying, there's only been a few times I had to leave the chapter and come back to it and not get stuck. The first episode if free to play to give people an idea on how the game is like, while the other episodes cost about 1 dollar each, as there are 23 Episodes total. This is more of a different game than most of Mcgee's titles, as this relies more on the artstyle and whitty dialouge with Grimm and the fairy tale creatures. It's also amazing that Roger L. Jackson voices every frikkin character in this game, even in the Mulan episode where he speaks in chinese gibbirish. The last event in the last episode, Snow White, is an epic and fitting end to the series. So if your in the mood for some more mature versions of classic fairy tales with it's simple gameplay, hilarous writting, and interesting art style, this game is worth a play for one of those slow days when you have nothing better to do. May all our stories end so well. Until next time.
This game is like a combination of Earthbound and Epic Mickey. Is very good.
Gon' E-Choo is a mostly an arcade styled game with a little bit of first person movement. Apperantly this game is based off of a web comic series about a gator and a otter that's in the style of those old Pogo comics, I've read some of them and they are entertaining. The arcade gameplay plays just like the Popeye Arcade game, collecting trinkets to move to the next level, avoiding a big guy, etc. That's the main highlight of the game and it's good and challenging fun. Not sure what's the deal with the first person movement, aside from interacting with the arcade game, the only thing you can do is just look around and view parts and pieces to the arcade cabinet. But then again it's an early acess game so I can't be too critical, still feels like a finished game. And with its fun arcade throwback and cheep price, I say it's worth it
They Bleed Pixels is a side scrolling platforming game where the title says it all. You play as this young girl who gets her hands on a cryptic book that gives her special powers. Besides making your way to the exit, the game contains some combat elements with beating up enemies which requires using certain moves and not just button mashing. It's always fun beating people up with your sharp claws and knocking enemies into buzz saws. One down side is that it took me forever to get the game started, it always kept crashing when I tried to start it. But after I had the Admin run it then it works just fine. As for gameplay, it's REALLY difficult, probably the most difficulty Indie game that I've played. And what's challenging game without annoying enemies? And this one has got them, small little squid like enemies. They float around, constantly attacking you, and are almost impossible to hit. I haven't managed to beat the game yet, but I'm having fun with it, no matter how many times I get ♥♥♥♥♥♥ off for its challenge.
Castle of Illusion is a remake of the classic Genesis game of the same name. When Minnie Mouse gets kidnapped by the evil Mizerabel, it's up to Mickey Mouse to venture into her Castle of Illusions, collect the Rainbow Gems to defeat Mizerabel, and save Minnie. The game is a simple platform game that combines 2D and 3D gameplay. You jump and throw objects to defend yourself against Mizerabel's minions. It's colorful graphics, wonderful music, and fun gameplay is what makes the game shine. There are a lot of secret passages and specific items to collect which will unlock artwork, statues and costumes. The only thing I don't like is that the narrator can sometimes be annoying as he narrats througout the entire game, but other than that, Castle of Illusions is a fantastic remake. Being more familer with platforming games I found this to be somewhat of a breeze, with it's share of difficulty. Course I'll be kept busy if I decide to complete the game 100%. So in conclusion, this game is wonderful. Newcomers might find the game challenging, while old school gamers will find this to be a walk in the park and relive some nostalgic memories.
A simple game with awesome music, but a real challenging gameplay.
If you like the classic Pac Man Arcade and want some challenge, than this is for you. High Speed gameplay, awesome techno music, level themes being throwbacks to some of the old pac man and Namco games (plus the modern Pac Man) it is definantly a must buy.
Machinarium, a very stylized puzzle game made by Amanita Design. It starts off with a robot named Josef landing in a junkyard who eventually makes his way back home, after a brief encounter with some criminal robots the story slowly unfolds to what Josef must do. The design of this robot world is very stylized with its design and characters, the music reminds me of the classic Spyro the Dragon series as both of their music have a very other worldy quality. Gameplay wise it's a real challenge, the puzzle can sometimes be hard to get through that I ended up looking for a walkthrough to solve some of them lol But there are some fun little mini games here and there so it's not always that frustrating. This is definantly worth a buy for those of you that want to face a real challenging puzzle game.
You Have to Win the Game is a 2D sidescolling adventure where as the name states, beat the game. You control this little guy who looks like Milon from Milon's Secret Castle and travel through the maze like world in order to escape and win the game. The controls are the basic, run and jump style, with some powers ups thrown in from activating platforms, extra height and wall climbing. It may look simple but it's really challening, espicially when you're trying to get 100%. The graphics are like something out of the olden days of PC gaming, with no music and only the sounds of bleeps and bloops. Think of this as more like the game Adventure on Atari 2600, mixed in with the map layout of Metroidvania, and you've got yourself a fun and challenging game that is surprisingly free to play.
