Okay, so after 42 Hours (at the time of this recording) of play DOI i have done pretty much everything... even though the game may be repetitive it still glues me to my PC everytime i turn it on, the mods are great fun as you can play with silly one or try to play as realsistic as possible. in conclusion this game is great it's only in  alpha but when it releases iu beleve it will become a great game, i have some problems when playing and thats the Optimisation... even though its not a top priority to the DEVs (im guessing) it needs to be fixed some time down the track as I have a High End PC and on Ultra it has its times where its 180+ FPS then all of a sudden 40 FPS. The next one is mods on servers, you can get skin mods for the Germans, Brits and Americans but they dont work when on Offical and Non-Offical servers, i love my game to be realistic but this is a let down in some areas... but overall i love this game and i think ill put a hell of alot more hours into this as its the best looking WW2 FPS at the moment... thanks for reading and PICK UP THIS GAME!!!! its worth the $16 USD i Originaly Payed for it.
Played the story line through once and attempted Ultimate-Nightmare and well lets just say it was an experience that im never going to try again... Aside from that I digress, I enjoyed the fast pased action around every corner, the extreme satisfaction of blowing demons heads off with the Super Shotgun and the BFG-9000, Not to mention the Graphics and gore... If your that kind of person that loves blood everyehere and body parts flying around this is the game for you!Overall this is one of the most enjoyable experiences ive had and reminded me of the good ol' days of DOOM I, II and III.9/10
10/10 PonyRP... Enough Said
Finaly got the time and effort to sit down and actualy play this game, it was worth the time spent... i played this game non-stop till the end, keeping me rivited at every shootout, assasination and cutscene. For anyone whome has stumbled across this i'd recommend picking this game up its worth the money honestly... ~ 9/10
11/10 Needs More Chickens!
Best Call of Duty Hands down never will they be able to replicate this. pre much my childhood in a nutshell :P
