If you read my other review for Toy Soldiers: Complete, then sadly this review is going to be the complete opposite. Toy Soldiers: War Chest is simple not worth the money that it asks for £11.99 (for the standard game) and £24.99 (for the hall of fame addition). Although it includes characters from different franchises you have to pay £3.99 for the privilage of owning that character - such as GI Joe and Cobra which is a real kick in the teeth! But the game forces you to do this as the basic armies are crap! The only playable basic army is the WW1 German Army, the rest are boring, stupid and a waste of time. On top this the game is meant for a console, you can't control aircraft because they do a million flips if you sneeze or move around (plus they are so weak!), the gameplay is repetative and boring, additionally none of your friends have the game or players who have the game don't do multiplayer.To Conclude:if you are looking for the following items in this gameNo or limited funBad/Mediocre reviews (check out gamespot or ign if you don't believe me)Expensive (£11.99 standard or +£3.99 for DLC or £24.99 for FULL Game)Lacking in gameplayLacking in friends and other human being who play this game!4 base armies - Only 1 playableMICROTRANSACTIONS -game currencyUPLAY the most pointless and worst system if to be invented by mankind! Which you need in order to create an account and play the game!UBISOFTOne massive leap for mankind and the franchise going backwards!Then this is the game for you!0/10 would never play until the day i died - IGN*Note i do like the game, it is fun but unless you are a Toy Soldiers fan and are willing to put up with these pull backs. Then unfortunatly this game is not for you, and for this reason i cannot recommend it unlike Toy Soldiers:Complete which is the best game of the franchise.
This game is a fun, classic 3rd person shooter, it is the best of the genre. I highly recommend everyone to get this game.
I really enjoyed the look of this game and being able to play it. Sadly nobody plays the game anymore, which is very disappointing as it only has multiplayer. Therefore i cannot recommend it to anybody.
Personally, i am not in to tower defence games - i always found them tedious and boring. However i found this amazing game and how wrong i have been! This game is like no other tower defence game ever created, you can control your defences and earn barrages (killstreaks such as:Napalm strike, Carpet bombing, Nuclear warhead, Orbital Laser, and a Hero/Super soldier ) that can annihilate the opposition! You also get to control vehicles that can dominate the match if you don-'t feel like controlling a turret, and earn decorations (medals) for completing objectives such as -Shooting down 10 helicopters with an AA gun- or -Earn a nuclear missile barrage-. Additionally you get a variety of modes including Campaign, DLC bonus missions, Multiplayer, Co-op, Minigames, Survival and more!To conclude: If you are looking for a game which meets the following criteria: FunNew experienceGood reviews (Check out gamespot or ign if you don-'t believe me)Good Value (£10.99 or your own currency) For 2 Game campaigns plus 4 dlc packs (12 missions) completely free!Nostalgia A gift that keeps on givingThen this game is for you!      10/10 Would play again until i die - IGN
I recommend this game to all players who love the Men of War series, this game offers the same features and fun of the original series. The only difference is that it is set in modern times - although it is still a beta, this game is by far one of the best strategy games available.
