Tactical Intervention is such a great game the graphics are outdated but it has been the most fun in years for me. The only thing i don't like is that they encourage real currency in the game. I give this game 9/10
 DotA 2 Review  Introduction DotA is a game developed by Valve Corporation and is the second installment for the Defence of the Ancient series.  It-'s Avaliable for all current platforms and is playable on all of them although there is a few bugs and perfromance issues for Apple Computers. Development of DotA started in 2009, when the original developer IceFrog were hired by Valve. Overview DotA is  a MOBA (Multiplayer online battle arena) that relys heavliy on teamwork and communication.  Dota is played in matches with 2 teams with 5 players on each team, both teams have a base they need to defend in the corner of the map. The objective is to attack the enemy team and to destroy there Ancient before they destroy yours. During a match every player is able to control 1 out of 112 playable -Hero- character that all have different Skills, Abilities and Play Styles. During the match the player is able to collect gold by killing creeps or other heros and using the gold on buying items from a shop thats located in different areas of the map. History Dota was first developed by IceFrog as a mod for Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos. It was praised by the community for it-'s gameplay and Production quality.  It was then brought back to life by Valve in a sequel as we know it by today called DotA 2. Since it was first released DotA was featured at several world tournaments. At one point it was the most popular and most discussed free, non supported game mod in the world.  Gameplay DotA 2 is a multiplayer online battle arena (MOBA) game that is three dimensional graphical environment. There a 2 teams named Radient and Dire. Each team has 5 players and can each choose from a pool of 112 Heros. The player can level up there hero by killing creeps/neutrals or heros and then will recieve gold which they can spend on items in the shop. There hero levels up by gaining XP (Experience) which will make the hero become more powerfull. Whenever a hero gains a level the player may unlock/levelup a ability for there hero to use. Each hero is influenced by it-'s primary attribute: Strength, Agility or Intelligence. Graphics Dota has had a update about 3-4 months ago that updated the engine to Source 2 which was the first Valve game to use the Source 2 engine. Before the source to update the graphics were very virbant and had good colour but not good depth and shadow to to surroundings and to the heros themselfs. Now since the Source 2 engine has came out the map and heros look amazing and everything has amazing detail to them. In the -new- Source 2 engine they have great setting options for low budget, not the greatest performance computers, to custom built computer-'s that have the ability to max out every setting. The Video tab includes a simple slider to adjust all graphical options in one or to tick or uncheck boxes that are best suited for your computer. Conclusion In my opionion DotA is the best MOBA out at this moment and has captured the minds of thousands and is the top played steam game on the steam charts. I would reccomend to all to have a go and see what you think. Even after my 590 hours of DotA 2 i still havent got a hang of everything and there is still lots to learn and the communitiy are very willing to teach you. Although it has a steep learning curve once you get the hang of the game it can be truly satisfying playing with a team or by yourself with randoms and working as a team to kill the enemy-'s ancient. Rating 9/11
This game is a clone of Diablo but it does everything much better than Diablo has done in its series! You get to choose from a wide range of roles, you can be anything from an Engineer that operates heavy weapons or a Berserker that deals damage close range and has a high attack speed for all melee weapons. Everyone thinks Diablo is the top dog in rpgs but i beg to differ that Torchlight II has all the right componants that a dungeon crawler should have, it preforms better in everyway such as having a very fresh atmospheric feel to the game unlike Diablo that is just dark and gloomy, pets for you to use in battle and to also take your items back and fourth and to sell them at the shops. This game supports mods and there is a small but active community making them and there is also many people still playing so you can team up with them or get a group of friends together and play on your own server. Overall this game is great and i highly reccomend for anyone who wants to get into the genre.
Starbound is such a great game, at first it was hard for me to settle in to but now i think its totaly worth the money. 9.5/10
