Fun, Addicting and Free, one of the best Hat Simulators out there.
Pros:1) Heart-warming story, good writing overall.2) Allows you to explore around the well known kingdoms of Ooo, and of course Finn and Jake's house.3) Pretty much a well written five shorts grables episode, that take a long long time to watch4) The game is easy to run (on PC)5) Not very difficult, requires some lateral thinking at times but overall its a good family game.Cons:1) Can't skip the dialogue2) Combat systems gets really repetitive real fast3) Very limited camera angels4) Buggy at places, graphics are meh (Finn's face looks really weird)5) Not much open world exploration, the game pretty much tells you what to do.If you haven't watched Adventure Time and played the game, its a pretty ♥♥♥♥ game. However if you watched Adventure Time and you love the show, then its a pretty good game, and I think $20 is an okay price. Overall I give it 7/10.
The game is like a cake and the skins are like the icing on top in which the more icing you put (spend money on skins), the better the cake tastes. Overall it is a very tasty cake and even if you don't have any icing on top it still tastes quiet nice, but it just wouldn't be the same without it.
This game sucks, its really just an game where Valve showing off its new graphic HDR thing but otherwise there not much story to it making it a waste of space on your computer.
To be honest its a good game and all, especially the co-op mode but the online SUCKS because there are hardly anyone who play this game any more. :( Therefore my verdict is get MW3 its a ctrl-c and ctrl-v version of MV2 and there are actually people playing it online.
A master piece of gaming almost as good as art but with headcrabs, zombies, gravity guns, facist aliens and a good old crowbar.
Its scary, frightening, gory certainly not suitable with people that suffers heart conditions, children under 12 or people who get easily offended and cant quit ♥♥♥♥♥in about it. But its hell of a lot of fun and everyone who is sick of L4D2 should try it (since left for dead dosent have slow motion headshots but this does :D) enjoy!
Its a must have for gore and indie lover, plus ITS FREE! :D
Sick of Minecraft TRY TERRARIA!
