I love this game so much already <3Gameplay:This game can be odd and very hard to pick up when you first start, But it is very friendly to keyboard and mouse players instead of alot of games that need you to have a controller. You just have to use WASD right and left click, and spacebar. Thats it, its very easy to pick up after you realize all of your moves. You dont instantly start off with a weapon. Items drop from the sky such as bombs, mines, spiked balls, and your weapon. Each person has one weapon that will match to another person. You have drills, swords, hammers, and a stick thing. (Forgot the name ;~;) But each person has different stats. This game is early access so everything isn't in play yet. Such as if you were to buy it right now all of the characters would be unlocked, you will have to unlock them later when the game is out of early access, then it will have some free players and for payed players they will have a rotation for that. Competitive play:There is competitve game play, there must be in every game that wants to prosper. In this competitive you have 3 ranks so far, Bronze, Silver, and Gold. Each one getting more and more harder people to fight. There are harder moves to do inn competitve, such as dodging, LEARNING your mains moveset, and also learning to fight without a weapon. Some of the people in competitve are very friendly and say GG after a match, unlike others that just leave right after. You will run into the same peoplethat use the same main. This is why you have to stick with your main and be a low teir god.Casual play:With competitive they have casual for..casual players. Instead of being 1v1 like in competitive you go in a 4 player FFA. They have all the same moves, items, and rules. So it really isnt different. The same thing goes for the people in competitive, some can be rude and others not. But in casual you arn't going to find the same mains over and over. This is where most people train combos for their main. They can also use training in vs CPU mod.My Thoughts:As a person that plays alot of Super Smash Bros. I can really see where they got their thoughts from. You attack people over time and the more they get attacked the farther they launch. But you cant shield, you cant grab ledge, and you cant just roll away and spam projectiles. As some classes have pistols they only fire close ranged. Most sword fighters in Super Smash are like the people with the guns in this game having to wall the other player out. But not like Super Smash they have 2 weapons instead of just one. I find this to be very creative and you can even drop them at any time!.Why should you buy this?This game really isnt like some combo crazy game like Mortal Kombat, MvC, or Super Smash Bros. Melee. This game is more trying to get as much damge racked up and is very friendly to new players, as a new wave of them had just come out today becuase of Loot Crate giving out codes for this game. If you like games much like Super Smash Bros 4. This would be the perfect game for you. But if you like combo crazy games you should try and stay away. There is currently another game like this that I'm pretty sure will be less friendly to keyboard and mouse players than last, and has a big learning curve just like Melee, with wave dashing and such. If you buy this game, have fun with it!
Counter Strike, its a good game. It has lots of gamemodes but the main ones are hostage and defuze. This game can be played for years apon years and fains of cs:s or any other Counter Strike will enjoy this game. It has a trading system so you can get items and put thep on the market, so you can make money on steam off a game! You can buy stuff but it has nothing to do with the strats of your gun, only how it looks! GO BUY DIS GAME NOW
I currently stopped playing this game, but I'm going to write a review!This game is like any anime that you find, the little suck-up gets all the girls. It is a dating simulator where you have to remember important facts, buy them food, and learn their personalitys. And get sexy with them. It also has a puzzle game when you date with them. In the dates you mess with these orbs that make them gain Passion, increase your moves, or increase sediment. With the sediment you can get gifts that you buy and use in the puzzles that help you and make the puzzles easier. Each waifu has a different preference of orb. As you gain hearts for each good date, as they get harder as well. Moving on to the other part of them game, the level system. To buy items you have to gain munie from dates. With this munie you can then buy drinks, or food for each girl. Each girl has different drinking levels and each type of food they like. Along with the munie you have something called hunie. With this hunie you can level up your states that you get from completing each orb type, this also includes upgrading your luck chances.Story lineThe story line ends up with you being a male or female depending on which you choose. At a bar sitting alone, a cute girl meets you there named Kyu. She talks to you for a second and then she leaves, you go back home the next morning and wake up. She then talks to you as she reveals she is a love fairy that helps poor saps like you! You then start off your sex spree with all of the waifus of your dream, upgrading your stats. And fapping to all the lude pictures of your dream waifu.Why you should buyThis game might not be for people that are just in it for fapping. This game is ment to challenge you and not just be a free get away for you. But, if you do love puzzles this is the game for you. This game is great if you have people that are good at one game catagory. As it mixes, leveing up, puzzles, and dating simulators. This game really isnt for people that have a soft heart as you will get completely shut down from getting one broken heart, as you can decrease the ammount of score it takes away from you. But if you do get slummed out, the girls will go agro on you. My personal thoughtsI really do think that anyone should try this game. I never was good at any of the types of games that are in this game. But it has trained me more in these skills and now I can be better at these skills in other games. If you arn't going to but the game just to play it then its going to be a waist of money for you as to complete the game you need to have intercourse with all of the girls. This game can be funny at times and it will take your mind off of having to do all the puzzles in the long run. All of the girls look down on you thinking that your ♥♥♥♥ game isn't going to be on point. But thats even more of the drive to try and do good in this game.ConclusionI wasn't really even able to think I was going to like the game at first but I endned up loving it. Anyone should truley try this game!
The single player in this game is great. But if you want to play coop or multiplayer toss it out the trash. If you wanted to play spies vs mercs you have to be level 5 just to play te most popular gamemode. But no one plays the ones that are for new players! I feel like instead of making you reach a level they should just go ahead and let you play it. It makes the multiplayer lack in any fun. I sat in a lobby for hours and everyone that had come in to the lobby just left. Now about the coop, if your a low ranked people that are higher ranked are just going to leave. Rank in this game is really bad. Some people just want to play the game in multiplayer and coop but its all based around rank. Also, Uplay.
