although i currently am playing for 5 hours. This game is good. But my first few hours with it i almost got frustrated with it. spawn camp is a ♥♥♥♥♥, if those that got spawn camp u know what i mean. Still i am kinda sad ther is not much guns to go with but even so there is a ♥♥♥♥ ton of ways u can do ur sessions unless u like a single gun then mostlikely u would stick to the gun for most or all of ur matches. Still i would rate this game 10/10
Hey er what the fk are u doing here.  U came here to read reviews right? if so wtf are u doing just buy this game already.Its has already 133245 reviews go play dam it fk man i am wasting time tying this ♥♥♥♥♥ when i can be playing this game
this game has all u need for anybody hot looking and strong female main character, lots of killing, stealth though i am bad at it and some puzzle section which again i am bad at and if ur stuck which most of the time i am well google is ur best friend. If that does not hook u in there is also a very -fun- multiplayer section which i can grantee that no one plays that mode. all jokes aside i strongly feel that u should play this game as it is really fun to play espically the customisation of guns though sadly cant customise your own personal gun like fallout 4 but however its there.This game is really more of a story base game so if ur the type who like mulitplayer good luck -almost- no one plays that mode.still i rate this game 69/10 so if u excuse me i need to use some tissues for something private
i swear this game got a grip on me, i tried to leave but but i keep coming back why tera why. Stap man stap making new classes dam it. (discalmer i know that there are other locked character classes but ffs why reaper class) fkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk why all the i want to use are always that ellin character why why why... at this rate i'll just become a lolicon ffs why reaper class is in ellin whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyHowever good game overall and come on jiggle physics dam fine, welp i go get some lube before continuingoh and get friends, ♥♥♥♥♥ boring to play alone though i like the combat enough to the point i can grind for long periods of time, that and i think i have a problem send more toliet paper and lube at 69696969.com/redtubeXXXplus this ♥♥♥♥ is free man its like my inner asian is calling to me to play this game before wasting my time not becoming doctor.. oh w8 i am asian welp i need to be doctor now I r8 this game 69 out of jail time
