I don't want to set the world on fire~ I just want to start, a flame in your heart~We all know the apocalypse is imminent, play this game and experience it first hand. You won't regret you do because when everything turns to ♥♥♥♥ you know you are prepared to survive in this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of a wasteland. Become experienced in knowing that in order to survive sometimes you will have to blow up a pretty girl and eat her, it's the survival of the fittest. Get your hands on to gay loving sex and blow up a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ city. Zombies are real and so are mutants, just watch Walking Dead and X-Men. 10/10
Congratulations if you bought this game. Good luck getting immersed into the beautiful world of Skyrim, explore and kill dragons! Make friends and eat and drink the greatest booze ingame. Once you got tired of exploring, get the Hearthfire DLC and build a big house get married and settle down. Then get the Dawnguard DLC to become a superduper effin epic Vampire Lord and start sucking blood. Once you're done being a Vampire get the Dragonborn DLC and get to ride a Freaking Dragon! After you done everything (you most probably won't) go to nexusmods and install new mods and you will forget you are tired of the game. You will realize that Skyrim is the real world and everything else around you is the world of Matrix.
A great addictive short game. Beautiful art, nice music, great system and high replay value. You will always be curious to try and select different options, learn different skills just so you can come up with a different outcome of the game. You will die ALOT in this game, but that's the fun part ;)
This game is great, learning this way is better than going to classes. I would greatly recomment this game to learn some basic vocabulary, verbs and adjectives. For me I'm doing Korean right now. However this is not going to get you speak the language fluently, it does however help you learn new words. The words will be pronounced by a native speaker which is great and it also includes writing. There is a lack of content in this game that would greatly improve the overall learning progress. Hence this is a great tool to add to your many methods of language learning adventure.
