 One heck of a game, with some flaws TDU2 is unique. It's sort of like Forza Horizon with better open-world and more realism. It's got a racing storyline, with some open-world elements to allow you to explore the beautiful islands of Hawaii (no, not Kawaii) and later on in the game (spoiler)  Ibiza . It's a console port that's mostly well done but needs some peformance tweaks.  Pros   Good graphics Very good range of cars Large and I mean  LARGE  maps x 2  Hidden easter eggs (e.g wrecked cars, collect them all and you get a car Suprisingly decent upgrade and customisation sysem  Cons    Securom DRM is complete and utter ♥♥♥♥ Slight framerate drops Multiplayer is down quite often Unplayable with a keyboard and mouse Physics takes gettin used to No sequel as the company has been disbanded
Well, there's not much to say about Warframe. It's got a very, very good F2P model and it ties that together in a very well rounded package of graphics and gameplay. Sure, the devs might be aiming a bit high with the $200 package but for the standard person, it's got some good stuff going for it.
Counter-Strike Global Offensive is an awesome multiplayer shooter that's easy to play and fun just about anywhere.ProsFun, multiple game modes mean you don't have to play the same gameCheap. Can be found for sub $10Not Demanding. My friend can play this on his cheap Ultrabook with some specks of lagSTEAM WORKSHOP! Some brilliant maps that stand out from the others.Cons{h1]Multiplayer is laggy at timesNot much to mention, really.
watermelons, pidgeons, npcs from half life and a bunch of props/crap make...GARRYS MOD YEYP.S get counterstrike: source it is used by multiple game modes and maps
Your PC. Sure, it can do everyday tasks, but with every laptop and low to moderate-end desktops, one question remains...CAN...IT...RUN...CRYSIS??
SHOOTING ZOMBIES WITH AN AK-47? EVERY KID'S DREAM, COME TRUE IN LEFT 4 DEAD 2.
Ahh, Skyrim. I'm the last of the Dragonborn, got a helm with badass horns.Oh, on to the review. Skyrim has brilliant graphics, a compelling storyline (though sometimes you have the urge to kill the whole town) and a hell of a brilliant modding community.Get Skyrim. I don't care if it's expensive, just get it.
