This game is horrible and full of cheats.Every server I went to there were players flying in mid-air, hovering around in mid-air and one shot killing me and other players. Even with both Anti-cheats systems in place, lots of people still hack in this game, which makes the game unplayable and unenjoyable.A typical run in Rust begins with you running for 2 minutes, then being head shotted or instantly killed by a fellow player. This is what happens 90% per cent of the time to players who don't hack while the cheats can do as they please because they are armed to the teeth. The community in this game is a joke (more like a community of trolls and angry children), which most people just kill you for the hell of it. There is no team work or friendly people to build alliances with in this game and it in the end becomes a battle between you and the hackers/ hacker groups, which you don't stand a chance. To sum this game up, is to say that it is a run and get gunned down simulator, unless of cause you use hacks.DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS CRAP GAME! It will be 20 dollars down the drain.
This game is utter rubbish, and proof that you should never buy a game from valve that is mainly multiplayer.This game has ridiculous recoil for all the weapons to a point that you don't need to aim the weapon, just spray and pray, which really demeans the whole FPS genre. Its extremely sad that this game is played in e-sports, as it really is just garbage compared to other FPS shooters such as Battlefield and dare I say it... Call of duty. The so called pros at this game use multiple accounts to keep new comes from advancing in rank, which even if you prove you can out shoot them, they just (switch) cheat with aimbot and wall-hacks and add there hitbox manipulation, so as to hult you from advancing any further. Valve knows this kind of thing happens, so do the e-sports people, but they allow it cause in the end, it creates them money. Like most valve games and community sites, when you try to report these hackers and use names, which is normal when submitting a report, you get punished for making the report, while the hacker remains untouched. Valve will even ban you from community sites for speaking up again hackers, which you will find after playing this game for 20 hours, that it has more then its fair share of cheats and code abusers. You can also report in game, but valve will just ignore it, must like the hackers do when you let them know, you know what they are doing.The ranking system is also complete garbage, your ranked on MVP stars, not actual skill with weapons and encounters, as steam whould have you believe otherwise. The amount of teenagers with mental problems who play this game is also a major issue, as they exist to troll the crap out of you and not play the game, which once again valve not only tolrates, but encourages. Then there is the constant boxed content garbage that forces you to by a 2.50 key just to unlock a skin that can be brought on the market for 50 cents. This is of cause how valve make there money, by making you buy stupid over-priced keys.  
This game is extremely Horrible, and extremely Frustrating.This game fees extremely rushed, and created by a team who are new to the industry.Yes, the game in the first 30mins of gameplay feels fun, running around causing chaos, and blowing stuff up. That however, is the fun part of the game. The frustration first begins when you have to constantly log into squareunix servers, which constantly happens, and takes 2+ minutes just to work. The next thing that will have you getting mad is wanting to restart a minigame, only to once again having to connect to the game server... cause you just lost contact again. Then as you start to play the game, the game pauses because once again... YOU LOST CONNECT TO THE SERVERS AND NOW HAVE TO WAIT ANOTHER FIVE MINUTES TO CONNECT! This game is nothing but a wait simulator, nothing more.The control config in this game is horrible, press 'e' to set a mine and press 'e' to enter a vehicle is just wrong!The steering in this game is bad, vehicles in this game feel like im playing a 1990 nintendo racing game.The graphics in this game is bad, Just cause 2 had better graphics.Save your money, don't touch this piece of garbage.2/10
So i brought this game because it did looked like a nice space sim, and I have always wanted to play another space sim, but have not found any recient space sims appealing. The first 60 hours of the game were great, the spaces ships felt great, the atmosphere was great. The after a few days of getting into the game everything when downhill. The space ships were expensive, the replacement cost was getting higher and higher, the missions at the stations were still only offering 10k per job, and all of this became not only became a huge grind for credits (in-game money) but it really wasnt even worth doing as I was being constantly kill by players in pythons and anaconda space ships (the best ships in the game.)To sum things up is that I got really bored of this game very quick, as all it really seems to be is 400 something star systems with with same 4 types of space stations, and 20 of the same space craft.Pros+Nice hud.+Nice space station design. +Nice sound of thrusters.+Nice space ship design.Cons-Repeative gameplay.-lack of Space station design.-lack of Space ship design.  -Expensive ship replacment (if player is destroyed)-Lack of jobs-Lack of credits paid for jobs.-Unbalanced ships.-Is not new player friendly-Paying for different paint job with real money.-Players in high tech ships such as the python and anaconda destroying you, just to troll you.This game felt like it had great potential, but is nothing more then a copy and paste game, which features the same solar systems with the same 4 types of space stations everywhere in the game.
This game is extremely good fun and very enjoyable to play, but playing for anymore then 4 hours can become a bit of a grind to level up. First of all this game does have good graphics, great model detail, with a lot of effort and attention paid towards the weapons in the game. As a result of the careful detail, weapons feel very real and look very real, along with the weapon effects give true to its name, -Killing Floor.- The maps looks extremely intresting, while at the same time challenging your skill to survive, as they will constantly have you moving around every corner of the map. The only real problems with this game is that it is still early beta and there are not many weapons to choose from per class, and that after a while the gameplay can feel repeative, which is why I suggest playing the game is short burst waves.PROS:-Great Graphics.-Great weapon look and feel.-Great map detail and design.-Great model detail and customization.-Challenging.CONS:-VOIP needs work-Sound cuts out and drops out-Lack of Weapons per class (it is beta however)-Lacx of current maps with only 6 in total. -Bug incounter: The menu will become inaccessible if you have a Logitech Extreme Pro flightstick plugged into the P.C. I have played a lot of betas and early releases, most of them were garbage, but this game I stand by, 
This game is utter Garbage and a complete waste of time, and money.I brought this game because of the hype that it was a classic RPG, which lived up to the fame of past titles like Bolders gate, and Icewind dale series, thinking that it would be great experience just like the other titles that obsidian entertainment had been a apart of in the past. I quickly fould out however that the only thing this game really shares in common with past RPG-'s is the on-screen layout. The first big problem with this game is that it is full of crappy useless lore in that 80% of the lore in this game, is really unrelated to the storyline, other then reminding you of an ability you already have (Reading souls.) This is a big problem because it actually makes it harder to even understand the plot of the game, or will make you either not care for the plot, and can even make you want to quit the game because it just seems like nonsense even for an RPG. The second problem with this game is the game mechanics itself, in which there is only a slight few differances between classes, but not enough to make them feel unique or stand out in the party, For example, the Rogue, barbarian, fighter, monk, and paladin only have about 8 different abilities that seperate them from each other, the rest of their abilites are commonly shared between all classes in the game. Another example is that you don-'t need a Rogue to disable a trap, as any class with -mechanics- skill can disable traps, and is available to all classes.The third problem with this game is when experiance is earned, in that combat dosn-'t earn experiance unless you kill a group of creatures for an achivement, like 10/10 monkeys slain. This makes combat useless and really feels like a slap in the face when you spend a few hours slaying a dragon, only to be rewarded with a few ingredients and no exprience points what so ever. The forth problem with this game is the AI, in that your team members will not auto-attack enemies, even when they come running towards your party. Even worst still is that during the end game, enemies won-'t attack you, but instead just stand on the spot waiting for you to kill them. During my playthrough I watched as the Adra dragon was slain by 4 beetles, 3 spiders and a white fox, while the rest of my geared up party waited on the otherside of the map. I killed the final boss of the game without any of my party losing even 1 hp, thats how bad the AI was.This game honestly felt cheap and very rushed. The story made very little sense, and what did make sense felt very bland and boring. the Areas/levels of the game were nothing new and looked average at best. The combat felt like a constant grind. 4/10.
Mad Max explores the typical life of an average Australian. Driving around recklessly in a custom made V8, Beating up endless waves of lymphoma patients who are bearly out of their teens, before stealing all their food and drinkable water, in your never ending quest to destory the precious few remaining fuel pumps left on the planet. Befriend a friendly hunchback, who you will treat like utter garbage, before betraying and killing him. Fall in love with the only female in the wasteland, then watch her die due to your own stupity. After playing this game you will finally understand why most people call Australians the naughty fore letter C word, as you yourself will feel bad for what you did in the end to all your friends.10/10 Its great to be a crazy violent lunatic in the middle of the sandy desert!
Titanfall 2 black ops is a great game if your a 12 year old child with ADD, who can-'t shoot and enjoys spraying and praying. If however you are above the age of 12, then this game blows.!. No aim required, the hit boxes register even if you are not aiming at the target.2. pressing C allows you to dive into the target, making it impossible for them to shot you, which sucks if your the once aiming and the other person is pressing C and spraying.3. weapon range doosn-'t matter at all, such as an SMG is as power as an assault rifle, mainly due to the small map size of most maps.4.Small maps. why give me a dam sniper rifle class, for small maps?5. class specials, not even needed and only really promotes the female classes.6. Maps are the same as previous COD-'s and even very similar to titanfall7.They borrowed an awful lot from crysis, there is a black charactor called prophet, and a charactor called nomad, who are exactly the same as the charactors in Crysis. 8. weapons don-'t feel like weapons, they feel like broken nerf guns.9. no tutorial on what does what, no screen that explains what the buttons do.10. this game is so fast pace you would why they added a feature that allows you to scroll into your site of your weapon.This game really just feels like every other COD game after COD:MW1, its just a FPS for hypoactive kids, who are high off red bull and looking for an excuse to cry out -noob.- Outside of that it really is hard for an young adult to find any kind of fun with this game, as it is just so overly paced for a shooter.
