Imagine a function that everyone-'s invited to. It-'s all over social media and touted as the biggest event of the year.  You plan on going because all your friends and colleagues intend to, but days pass and you forget to RSVP. Your calendar stops functioning and you lose sight of all your big appointments. You press on regardless, making sure everything-'s ready prior to the big day as you frantically search for your invitation. Time goes by and you get distracted, forgetting about your plans and your schedule. You finally locate your invitation and head to the venue, only to find a fish and chip shop where a reception should be, and that the big event was held three years ago. That-'s how late I am to this party. Released in 2011, Bastion is a game that belies its indie origins, combining great gameplay with colourful art and an amazing soundtrack composed by Darren Korb, making for a complete package that puts some bug-ridden AAA games to shame. The haunting song that plays during the closing credits, Setting Sail, Coming Home, will likely remain in your head for days, along with the urge to keep playing. Bastion is a lot of fun and I can-'t recommend it enough. If, like me, the game has been languishing in your -to-play- list for a while, waste no more time. Play it now. You won-'t regret it.
Despite its initial detractors, J. R. R. Tolkien-'s novel, The Lord of the Rings, is revered by many fans and is one of the best-selling novels of all time. It-'s an extraordinary story that has spawned three extraordinary movies, but managed only a few ordinary videogames. Until now.On the surface, Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor owes a lot of its gameplay to the inspiration derived from the successful Batman: Arkham and Assassin-'s Creed series of games. Players are given an open world setting within Mordor to explore, and innumerable Orcs and Uruk-hai to battle, and it’s these battles that set Shadow of Mordor apart from its influences. The combat mechanism is a familiar combination of hit and counter, but with an added “last stand” mini-game that allows the character to parry a deathblow to remain in the fight. Winning the mini-game and surviving feels truly epic.What’s more, Mordor introduces a fascinating -Nemesis- system for players to contend with. Enemy combatants stand to gain promotion (and effectively level up) from defeating you,  or from the death of one of their rivals. If you flee from combat, which is a perfectly valid option when faced against a dozen enemies, you will also be taunted should you face the same foes again.While not perfect--dead Orcs should remain dead--it can be enthralling, especially as more abilities become available.Outside of the gameplay, there’s also something for the screenshot enthusiasts out there. The most recent update has added a Photo Mode, which is quite fun in and of itself with the options  available to tweak shots. Check out the Community Hub for some great examples of the shots being produced from within the game.It seems like the gaming industry has turned a corner with respect to licensed products. The Batman series is exceptional, and from what I understand, there’s even an Alien  game that’s actually very good. And now, at long last, we’ve got the one Lord of the RIngs game to rule them all.
Before I begin, let me get the inexcusable out of the way: I have never played any of the Thief games prior to this 2014 release, so I don't have any basis for comparison. Turns out, it doesn't matter.The game starts off well enough with the jewelry store heist in the first chapter; picking locks and pockets is initially thrilling enough to get any kleptomaniac's heart racing. Eventually as the game progresses, it becomes evident that the NPC AI has been pared down to the point that sneaking around isn't much of a challenge. What is challenging though, is the way in which missions are replayed. Want to go back and play through a chapter to pick up that missed bit of loot? Well, forget about selecting the mission from the menu, you'll need to head back into the area in The City hub where the mission began. Hardly intuitive when there's no option for fast travel and the map is absolute rubbish. In addition, the story is bland, and the characters aren't very engaging. There are issues with the sound, too, which ruin the atmosphere when you're trying to be quiet and you hear a loud voice, which must surely mean someone's in the room with you and you're about to be discovered. Nope, the person talking is outside. Across the road. In another building. On a more positive note, the art design is great, the buildings and surroundings appear to be painstakingly crafted.  Sadly, this doesn't warrant purchasing a game, so I'd wait until there's a substantial discount. $5 and Thief would be a steal.
For some people, first impressions are generally inaccurate. Sure, there are people that seem to have a genetic knack for quick judgement calls which turn out to be largely factual, but I-'m not one of them. After starting Remember Me, I assumed I was playing another run-of-the-mill action adventure game, but before long I came to realise I was actually enjoying it.Set in a dystopian future, players assume the role of Nilin, a -Memory Hunter- who, ironically, has had her own memories stolen. Guided by the ever-present voice of Edge, the leader of the rebel group, Errorist Movement, Nilin must take down the Memorize corporation who, in controlling memories, effectively controls the population. I-'m a bit of a sci-fi junkie, and the premise surrounding Remember Me is an interesting one. The futuristic setting of Neo-Paris is beautifully crafted, with great contrasts between the slums and affluent areas of the city, which makes the very linear nature of the game much more apparent. Sadly, exploring just isn-'t an option. The highlights of the game though, are definitely the -Memory Remix- scenes, where players need to tweak certain aspects of a person-'s memory to alter it. Unfortunately, you-'re only presented with a handful of opportunities to attempt this, and I think the game would have been better if more of the focus was on remixing memories. Aside from synaptic DJing, Nilin is also an adept hand-to-hand combatant, and the combat system does allow for a bit of tactical fun once all the combos and unique -S-Pressen- moves have been unlocked. It-'s not exactly complex, but there is some added depth to the button mashing. Overall, I think Remember Me is an enjoyable game, without being an innovative one. I-'m glad I was off the mark with my initial assumption. I-'d certainly recommend this to sci-fi fans, since the setting and story were part of the appeal for me.
Being a nerd precludes me from being a gangster, which is why Sleeping Dogs is so much fun. In pure escapist terms, the game lets me renounce my mild, introverted mannerisms and embrace the violent, yet honour-bound way of life as a member of a Chinese Triad organisation. In other words, I get to assume the unfamiliar role of a bad-a$$, and guess what? I love it.As a pensive nerd, I would quietly apologise and then flee from any threatening bullies. As a righteous member of the Sun-On-Yee however, I could--and frequently would--Dim Mak  anyone, and I mean anyone, that so much as coughed near me. The combat is a lot of fun, reminiscent of the Batman: Arkham series, although not quite as fluid.The reckless abandon is invigorating when you've spent your life adhering to laws and rules. It helps that the characters and story, whilst clichéd, are likeable and intriguing. Hong Kong as a setting is also quite refreshing.Be warned, though. The game has issues starting half the time, and I was constantly verifying the game cache to play it.
