Send Help!
Pretty Dank 10/10
I played this for the free weekend and was originally going to buy it afterwards, but when I started my first race the horrendous noise of the F1 cars coming through my headphones made my ears bleed. I tried to keep playing through the noise but then I heard the announcers god awful australian accent which led to my nose and eyes bleeding as well. So unfortunately instead of paying for this game I spent my money in hospital bills. Never Again!10/10 Tell someone you hate to play this.
Rust is an iron oxide, usually red oxide formed by the redox reaction of iron and oxygen in the presence of water or air moisture. Several forms of rust are distinguishable both visually and by spectroscopy, and form under different circumstances. Rust consists of hydrated iron oxides Fe2O3·nH2O and iron oxide-hydroxide (FeO(OH), Fe(OH)3).Given sufficient time, oxygen, and water, any iron mass will eventually convert entirely to rust and disintegrate. Surface rust is flaky and friable, and provides no protection to the underlying iron, unlike the formation of patina on copper surfaces. Rusting is the common term for corrosion of iron and its alloys, such as steel. Many other metals undergo equivalent corrosion, but the resulting oxides are not commonly called rust.Other forms of rust exist, like the result of reactions between iron and chloride in an environment deprived of oxygen – rebar used in underwater concrete pillars is an example – which generates green rust.
This game takes 15GB to install, 15GB!!!!! W-What, I don't even. It's just helicopters.10/10 Because helicopters
Basically Overwatch on Steam.
Pretty cool game with an interesting gimmick.
I cannot recommend this in it's current state.It seems they did no testing before releasing the game as launching the game through steam launches the wrong .exe which just plays the intro movies. You can launch the game directly through the correct .exe however you'll be told to insert the CD to play. I'm really hoping this issue gets fixed as this was one of my favourite games as a kid but with a game this old I just don't see them ever fixing the issue.
