solid gameplay but there's a serious problem with the spacemarine faction. team play is vital in this game but they always seem to attract the worse examples. People blatantly leaving team members to die during downstate despite safe conditions.edit - - - Buyers beware, there is a a strong gap in the currently two avialable factions. You may want to let the excitement die down and the developers to adress many things, even for a die hard wh40k and shoot emp up fan. Latest edit - - - The gap has become pretty much impossible to close now, even while it is obvious players from the spacemarine side has been wising up.Chaos ground assault is chosen like a zerg class as every objective favors close range combat, which is not fun to play against and with. with the recent addition of chain axes which go through GA spacemarine shield, Chaos is 99% guarantee to win a match with rude chaos players gloating at the same time they run the same cheap GA zergs. At this time, I have changed my scoring recommondation to negative, steer clear of this game. Maybe wait for it to go into full release before purchasing, maybe once the player base starts to die, they can contemplate the massive complications that make playing this game extremely dissatisfying. One sided matches with paper mache super soldiers, this is 3rd person call of duty with flimsily designed objectives.
The game concept perfectly fits your tight knit group of friends  with the express intention of grappling with the game-'s core mechanics of monster hunting and taming within a server or game you host privately. All other means of playing the game can be extremely difficult or impossible to have fun with save for singleplayer for people like me who are also just fine with solo play. Solo play-'s novelty does not wear off completely at play times, but it quickly dissipates until you can find it palatable once again.The following are personal opinions from multiplayer:Open servers can be divided between two categories: - Tame PVE servers that provide little opportunities for new players as nearly all sustainable locations are gratuitously occupied in large scales by a small percentage of older players by placing one piece of cheap fort structure to expand vacant and useful locations. Lack of available and sustainable locations to start means you will as a new visitor of an existing server will often die too fast before you are able to make any meaningful progress save for a grindey levelling system that is only made less fun and more time consuming by the limitations imposed by other older and more wealthier players.- Hostile PVP servers where the same problems of PVE exist and where new players will get targetted almost guarantee. Dying to both other players and other entities increased in magnitudes. Earlier and more established player groups dictate the meta and the limitations of new players or those who wish to play the game for its mechanics and less for the meta dictated by others. Much like real life, in order to have -fun-, or rather function in this digital society you need to join tribes to succeed, but not in your own terms. There is nothing wrong with team play, but you will have to learn to be completely subservient to a few and be constantly worried about their -authority- (and beyond just common manners and courtesy not to mess with other people-'s stuff) in public server.I recommend that if you are intent with multiplayer online, find private ones. Most of the time they tell you quickly how the server operates and is much less of a wild west. If it-'s a PVE server, they are often not as populated and more space to enjoy yourself, and pvp, not really much difference to public server. If pvp is your deal, then the value proposition is there.Can-'t recommend it to a few, but neither can I tell others to avoid the game completely.
Fun tymes to be had,
A memorable game that you will someday jabber about to your grand-children
