T'was a wonderul day on the island of rusdore Where all the naked mens dongers swung wildly in delight, There was this one young fellow naked allahu He was a young one too, He had many friends and many c4 he had the biggest house on the island and an amazing statue of his father and his fathers father. One day, It was'nt just any day... It was the day the tourists flew over our wonderful island dropping ♥♥♥♥ on top of houses... Every naked man in the vicinity ran towards the luggage box and fought over it, Young allahu was worried, He really wanted the  2k15 New C4 smell C4 only 200 made in the country, So allahu As worried and scared from all the big men and their incredably hard spears He grabbed his dodgy but new looking Assault rifle and off he went, Dodging donger by donger he ran towards the crate he was 50 meters between c4 and allahu.... He had done it! I had the c4! Allahu couldn't believe his eyes and all the other peoples eyes as they teared in agony That night, While allahu was gazing at his new c4 Not knowing what was outside of his rather large Wooden mansion an army was forming... They were all geared with state of the art wooden spears and formed outside his house, The leader (John F Kennedy) Knocked on his door 3 times, Allahu shreeked and put his c4 in his panic room if all hell broke loose He peeked through the window seeing 30+ Naked men with spears forming a massive line at his door. He was scared so he ran, John knocked again Silence he called along his trusty pal with an out dated 2k11 C4 and planted it on the decaying door *BANG* Allahu heard the crowd storm into his house creating havoc and looting, Allahu cried clenching his c4 whilst he was wishing he was home, The crowd were done with the loot and house and were looking for him He shreeked as they began dismantling the Iron door Allahu forgot his assault rifle on his table, He was defense was weak they were in allahu chucked the c4 far into the crowd and ran... He ran as fast as he could until he got to the edge of the island and sat down in pain... All his hard work was gone... T'was a tough night for Allahu he couldnt believe what was happening... He had a thought about remaking his life... He shrugged and planted his two feet on the edge of the island.... He looked down. The waves smashing the rocks below...... Allahu jumped regretting that he ever liv......*WHACK* It was all over Allahu just turning 12 had jumped and died.... That day is now in Rusdores book of history.... And the Fangdangle tribe still thrives in this harsh land guarding the now out dated C4 The end
Screaming Russian kid breaks my head set 10/10 would kill a pleb 3 times in a row again
9-11ed into a tree.... crashed cathered lots n lots of useless junk, Set off to find a wonderful plot to build on Found a lake that made music so I made a house next to it woke up next day underwater... 10/10 would roll down the hill sleeping again
Hiding in locker for 3 hours of the game 69/10 would get cosy in a locker again
Making Payday 2 masks with knife simulator 2015 69/10 would jab an enemies face with knife again
Banned for someone elses faultPeriod Life in altis gets givin million buxBI bans me♥♥♥♥ you Bohema! ♥♥♥♥ you!
How to survive the Soviets!1.Click Enlist new soldier2.Buy a Soviet soldier3. Join game4. Your now immune to SovietsLegit way!*1.Open up H&G2. Close down H&GYour welcome! Now go survive!
Got 3 accounts all together got 700 hours great game surely its not optimized and its buggy af but its fun as hell when your rolling around in an offroad packed to the rims with your mates I'd rate it 8/10 surely it takes abit to get out of alpha but I'm sure it'l be great
