Valiant Hearts: The Great War is one of the most interesting game ive seen even way before i got it first hand.Not only is the art and presentation is great but the story itself is what this game even more beautiful...
First of all FINALLY and second I’m quite disappointed of the outcome... Let’s Start at the model... it looks excellent, I dig the matching White coat and red shirt but It’s quite different from what we've expected from the trailer compare to the in game model… Well his bald, I’m not saying that I hate or anything but still… No hair… trailer got hair… in game sparkly head… Speaking of Sparkly… I was expecting that Jiro do some silly Engrish but no said Overkill I want my Jiro to do full Japanese on this ♥♥♥♥ even in pager response... Instead of a Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa like voice from the trailer his voice sounded more like the Japanese commercial of Mr. Sparkle from the Simpsons...The Micro Uzi isn’t much of a help though since we already got like 3 Uzi versions (Mac 10, Classic Uzi and Jacket's piece) poor accuracy and ammo but got great advantage of concealment... they should have added it from the game ages ago and place it with much more worthy gun...Overall if you want to buy the DLC just for the Katana and by all means go aheadAlready got 4 Cloaker heads on my fire placeJust got back from a game and just sliced a Cloaker in half
Best game to put on different awesome mods from awesome mod makersI highly recommend - -♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s Of Skyrim- Cause its basically Skyrim with ♥♥♥♥♥10 out of 10 would be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AGAIN
Yamane-san on the board, get yo' 'Vania fixHot and balanced out the gate, Buck yo' HD mixYou want them aerial raves, but you want them with chicks?(Three on three with the ladies, a menage-a-six?)Dat free ratio booty, custom assistsToo much animation, butt be ♥♥♥♥♥in' bricksNeed dat Mahvel hype, but without all the ♥♥♥♥♥?!SKULLGIRLS!!!!!!!!!
You get a rifle, melee, new ghost skillperk, hair physic and her big round pot of gold. . . 10/10 would be Screaming Irish women ... again
Money, Guns, and cool club beat makes this game an action pack experiance :>Highly recommended to those First Person Shooters and Co-op gangs.
Every Bloody time i got to that Damn Hyro Dam that wolf that lives there always gets my ♥♥♥ killed ... been like 3 times already lost all my good stuff and died at the 9th day 10/10 would be killed by the HydroDam Wolf ... again
