It  would be alright if I could find it. I have nothing , other than the main page,and that it is in my steam library. No senarios what so ever. Cannot recommend anything ifb their is nothing to play.
It's turrning into CS:GO... WHICH IS NOT GOOD, VALVE
Why haven't you brought this yet?
Bloody amazing. The Modding community is just fantasic, and the DLC's (especially Napoleonic Wars) are just incredible. i wouldn't rate a game so high!11/10
♥♥♥♥ you, Gandhi. Nukin all of my cities
Still a better love story than twilight
Although a lot of people are stating that this game is a Pay-To-Win, they are right and wrong at the same time. You can pay REAL money to unlock VERTIAL things, but that dosen-'t mean that it-'s a PTW. It-'s more of a Pay-To-Unlock or Pay-To-Progress type of thing. But yet again, the more things you pay for, the easier it is to win games and get more upgrades for that thing. And not to mention the other major problems the developers have with this game. A reason why people say about this game being a -PTW- title, is the horrible grind system. And they are RIGHT! it is a grind system! starting off as a noobie in this game is quite easy, to go through the ranks with ease, 5-10 games at the most. Unitl you get a good gun. But afterwards, it-'s just a grind fest. You would be locking 20-50 hours of just mutter mayhem until you get a better gun. But after that, you would need to add 10 more hours just to get a good attachment. But you cant just get that gun and put that attachment onto it. No, you would need to pay with ingame credits, which they will charge you 60,000 credits. And an additional 25,000 credits for that attachment you grinded your dirty ♥♥♥ for the last 35 hours. You would be lucky only to get a couple hundred credits every game you play. And if you played poorly or just joined a game that was about to end, you wouldn-'t even get 70 credits! you would need to grind for day-'s just for some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gun that you-'re never gonna use again!I don-'t even think the developers even care about their fans. I-'ve seen a lot of people being robbed of their money after making purcheses. They bring out new updates that make the game harder, and they dont even fix the major problems in this game. The are losing their fanbase because of this ♥♥♥♥ING HORRIBLE SHITY ♥♥♥ GAME THAT THEY REFUSE TO FIX! 5 YEARS THIS GAME HAS BEEN IN BETA. 5 YEARS! YOU NOW HOW LONG THAT IS?? 5 ♥♥♥♥ING HORENDOUS YEARS, AND THEY STILL HAVEN-'T FIXED ANY OF THE ISSUES THEY HAVE! *phew*Calm downIt-'s just a gameDon-'t lose your cool now.ok...ok...So, as i was saying. The people who have made this game dont listen to anyone. They don-'t gives two ♥♥♥♥s about their fans. They don-'t care about them, they dont care about anyone who has problems, or anyhting else for that matter. They are in it for the money, for the money. Like EA for example. Just for that green paper. They dont like to make the game fun. They just want people to buy expensive things so they can have money. But i hear you saying, -It-'s a free game! how else are they gonna get money??- There is only one explanation for this. Don-'t make a Free-To-Play, and charge people to buy the game insted. Completely remake the entire game and make people unlock guns and tanks and planes with skill rather than ingame currency. It-'s as easy as that! Fix the Problems or completely scrap it and make a new and improved game. (btw i might of messed things up a little. please excuse those, i-'ll fix them when I-'ve found them. Cheers!)
i can only review this game in 1 word: GRIND
  OH BOY I CANT BELIEVE IM DOING THIS  So i never thought i would put a negative review to one of my most favourite games i-'ve ever had. it-'s hit me so hardand painfully, but lets get it over and done with.I-'ve had this game ever since it came out (I only got the game for the TF2 item you can get when you have pre-orded it). I didnt play it more often after 1-2 years afterwards i-'ve goten it, and only recently have i-'ve discovered the ranking system. I was so pumt about it, and started to play it as recent as March. that-'s when I started to play competitive and realized how absaloutly ♥♥♥♥ the community is. And dont get me started on the cooldown ♥♥♥♥ they-'ve implemented in.  So whats with the community?  I-'ve seen many reviews about this game, and mostly it-'s all about Russain-'s and tk and Russain-'s and more Russian-'s and more Russian-'s and it continues on. I-'ve never had any problems with Russain gamers (most likley it-'s due to me living in Australia) but they are right about teamkilling, team-stealing, the obsured amount of smurfs/trolls, and the mind ♥♥♥♥ if -hackers- in the game. I cant get through one game without raging like a pyscho monkey on crack. There is a lot of cheaters in this game, but its just total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t how the community wants to put this game in the grave.   Why dont you just report the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s?  trust me, it don-'t work  What-'s the -competitive cooldaown- and why do you hate it?    OMFG DON-'T GET ME STARTED ON THIS ♥♥♥♥♥!  I-'ve never thought that this good of a comapany would put the ♥♥♥♥♥es thing into an already perfect game. And i know, i know why they-'ve put it in-it-'s to keep the community clean and safe...- -ValveNO IT DOES ♥♥♥♥ING NOT!!! THAT-'S WHAT THE VAC BAN IS FOR!!!!!!!i just how easy it is to get a cooldown  here are some examples (as well as the cooldown timer):  -leaving the game in the middle of a match -- 30mins-7days-being kicked -- 1hour-7days-crashes (same thing as leaving the game) -- 30mins-7days-idling -- 1hour-7days it-'s total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t right? especally with the kicks.  ITS A BLOODY  KICK  VALVE, NOT A BAN You have no idea how angry I am at this game, and it-'s piece of ♥♥♥♥ company.i-'m no longer writing this review, becuase I need to eat my McDonald-'s
this is my time in Dino D-Day:-searchers game servers-finally finds one with a decent amount of people-launches in and goes strait to allied side (because 'MERICA!)-spawns in and searches the map for enemy players-finds a goat and immediatley shots it, then t-bags it-finally finds a enemy player-starts shotting at his back-enemy does a 180 degress turn towards me-instanly dies-spawns back in and runs towards the burnt down church -runs into middle of church-screen starts shacking and large foot sounds are heard-turns around and sees BIG ♥♥♥♥ING MASSIVE BARNY THE DINOSAUR (jokes)-runs away but gets gunned down with machine gun fire -repeats this 20 times-starts to smash head on keyboard-quits11/10- would t-bag goat again
