great game.
nice game, i like the retro style
I do belive that Garry's Mod can be Michael Jackson incarnate.Thank you Lord Gaben.
pretty game. nice visuals, nice gameplay and nice mmo.
This is one of the best games i have ever played.the Pay 2 win system is just amazing, so amazing that everything is just double price compared to team fortress 2. they have done a superb job in the graphics, best graphics i have ever seen and they are so original, unlike minecraft.i realy love how the entire game is filled with 8 year old trolls, just makes it so much more fun.oh i almost forgot the amazing job they did with the uninstall feature, i think that that is basicly the main part of the game all i do is install and then unistall because its so fun to uninstall this game.UNINSTALL 3D, best free to uninstall game ever, is even worse than roblox99/4 would roblox again
plays team fortress 2trys mann vs machinedosent plays call of duty for 2 monthsgoes back to call of dutywonders why there is no mann vs machinegoes back to team fortress 2because team fortress 2 is ... is ....my precious....my..pppprreciousssssss.......forms a team fortress 2 cultrules all of the worldremoves the number 3team fortress 2team fortress 2TEAM FORTRESS 2TEAM FORTRESS 3 I MEAN 2 NO NOOOOO!goes to jail for usage of 3escaped jail with team fortress 2fed off raw fish for 500 yearsleft to rot to insanitybut i have team fortress 2and team fortress 2 is my precious....my precious....commits suicide holding team fortress 2 in handbuys a bag of doritos at heaven walmart......... plays team fortress 2
Gather Around Children as i tell the tale of .... theHunter....Once upon a time a hunter strolled out of his cabin with a GPS, a sniper rifle and some other useless crap... he found a bird in the sky and he wanted to shoot it. he shoots but has missed....one more bullet!!!!.....he needed permission to hunt that bird... the hunter was jailed for 10 years for not buying a licsence to kill a bird.10/10 best uninstall ever would uninstall again.
I have 6 copies of this game over different platforms.You can say that i like this game alot.Gr8 game
cool and addictive you panzy
