Play it now 10/10 better than COD and Battlefield.
This game is amazing. Play it will not regret it.
>See game talked about by people saying it's controversial>is interested>buys game>plays>average beach defense shooter>about to delete and refund game>sees a man running up towards me in-game>whatthehellishedoing.jpeg>before I can realise, it's too late and I get allah-akbared10/10 would get blown up again.
Ark Survival Evolved is the result of Rust, Pokemon and Jurassic Park having a threesome.
This game even though its about 10 minutes long really makes you think about life. The Adult level is bland and your constantly pushed by people you make your way towards your crappy office job. The Old guy level was really bland and fuzzy you were also slow and you and to stop hallway through the street because you were ‘tired’. You also had to restart the level if you got run over by cars which I think is a reference to dumb old people who cross the road when cars haven’t stopped.However the level that really hit me the most was the child level. Unlike the other levels which were black and white this level was colourful. You had to cross a bridge to candy land while dragons tried to push you off into lava pit.This game made me realise that childhood is a gift and is the best years of your life.
In my first game I was sniped, gassed and bled to death by barbed wire. 5 games later I was charging into the enemy trench on a 6 killstreak at the begining of the game. Reccomend this game to whoever likes to die a lot or annoy the hell out of everyone.
Best game of all time.Just like Half Life Deathmatch except always in space.Make your friends rage as they fall off the platforms.Why do we want Half Life 3 so bad? Where the ♥♥♥♥ is Ricochet 2!?!?!?!?!
So far as an early access game it's pretty good and has some potential. However the graphics need some upgrading. For now I will recommend to give it a go but If the game dosen't change much to make it look better I will probably change the recommendation.
This is a great game. Takes a while to develop skill but the community is friendly, so you never feel bad.
Great game successfully fills my dream of living in middle earth. However there is only one problem: DLC. Seriously I know it's an MMO but DLC is getting to ridiculous these days.
