Arkham Origins - I love the Batman Games, but this game attracted me more than Arkham City and Asylum. I loved playing the story and the game's side missions. The story adds better boss fights (use of stealth this time in some bosses) and fun missions such as predator missions. The side missions have you foiling the plans of Edward Enigma, Bird, Penguin and other Batman villains. This time around Batman had multiplayer, which is a really good feature that I feel didn't get enough attention. This multiplayer has 2 players playing as hereos - Batman and Robin (With heaps of skins from your favourite Batman comics) and 6 other players split between either Bane or Joker thugs. These characters have firearms, traps, grenades and many other weaponry to take down the stealthy hunter (the hereos), these character are customisable aswell, changing their outfit, archytypes and accessories. I have heaps of fun playing with my friends online and think any player should expierence this. So please, do yourself a favour, and buy this game :)
When I recieved this game I was hecka excited. I had finished this game on my friend's Xbox 360 only months before and enjoyed playing it with him in Co-op mode. After finshing this game on my PC I realised how boring and repetitive the game really was. The game is not a free-roaming or exploring type. It restricts you to the very bone with it's story levels, which are the only things that you can actually do in this game. Sure, myself being a huge Tolkien fan should enjoy this game a lot, but the lore is barely touched on. There are refrencing to the movies and books but no huge give away of what the game/story is actually about to all new-comers. If your looking for a Middle-Earth game with heaps of lore and factual basings on Tolkien's work, please, please buy Shadow of Mordor. I did so on my Xbox One, and have to say, it's probably one of my favourite games of all time.
Usually, I write huge reviews, but here, there is not much to say but HOW AWESOME AND FUN this game actually is. Please buy this game.
