If you're an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who likes vengeance-ing and hanging out with trolling asshats-- if you have time for pooping in your socks-- if you are totally cool with spending 80% of your game time auto-jogging in one direction and then another trying to team back up with your acquaintances-- if you get off on hoarding a bunch of useless ♥♥♥♥ that only serves to prooooobably extend your character's survival time on a server-- or if you're just an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with good aim-- then, ♥♥♥♥, this game's probably right for asshats that aren't me.I don't need a game to simulate dealing with real-life ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, and I don't need a game that takes m♥♥♥♥ing hours to feel like I accomplished ♥♥♥♥ing anything.TL;DRI haven't found the survival simulator that's right for Me, but hey, if you're thinking of buying or have bought this game during Early Access, please be sure to give the devs an earful of what you want in your evolving survival-MMO. Thanks.
To me, this is a well-thought out Precision platformer requiring basically the four directional buttons for controls, esc for menu, and spacebar to restart.As of this writing, I am not past the 5th or 6th screen, and I refuse to continue because I do not take pleasure in overcoming smart & tricky af jumps only to meet another short tricky af obstacle course after-another after-another. Also, the lettering/font/type takes a few seconds too many to decipher at first. That's neat & quirky, but it gives me a microscopic headache every time I try to read characters' speech bubbles.'Still a freaking-damn great game for its price. Buy this for your friend.
I don-'t understand how the ffff  I-'m supposed to finish that one 1:28 limit race to bring back the bass strings with 45-degree angle turns when I drive. Dude, wt♥♥♥♥. (If the handling is too much to work on dear 2xFine, please extend that time limit. QnQ )Despite the way the framerate my computer can produce for this game and the delayed command input making me cry metal f*cking tears of blood, I would reccomend this game because-- -woo! celebration of ROCK! clever lines! open world exploration! pretty neat funny shnit!- -'But the limiting driving handling made me want to smash my keyboard, pull out every keycap, and then smash them for not helping me when really it-'s just how well my proccessor & graphics can handle everything this game-'s trying to run. After trying the game with a ontroller, it was much more fun, but ♥♥♥♥..... I hate having to drivein the game.It-'s much more interesting to run around the open world than freaking driving in it-- only because driving will give me cancer.
I get a staggering 4-10fps in view of a large base or a large dino crowd. 15-20fps away from crowded environments isn't That much better. v.vI am not yet ready to continue enjoying the ARK.
'Another great puzzle game. I've played through only the first two areas as'f this writing (A and a part of B), and I'm getting the feeling from the computer terminals that from all the kinds of endings the game's leading me to expect, I won't be surprised over it. Everything is pretty and pretty not-within-cheapo-game-budget. Definitely get it when it's on sale.
Exploration-fun. wtFun fun fun.'Efficiency recommended for every puzzle obstacle. @_@
10/10 would watch again, and I haven-'t even finished watching it yet.-Tank you.-
I just realized this game is giving me headaches in such a great way. Thank you.
