Will destroy any hopes you had for saving your money, also...GET THE ♥♥♥♥ UP, GET THE ♥♥♥♥ UP, GET THE ♥♥♥♥ UP, GET THE ♥♥♥♥ UP! Is a certified way to perform first aid on a bullet ridden or otherwise broken body.
Bioshock Infinite is the most perfect game I have ever played. You are instantly immersed through the rich and soft textures and the angelic lighting that is the beauty of the oil painting styled, floating city of Columbia. Your immersion only deepens upon hearing the game-'s soundtrack, the wonderful voice acting and the lively and interactive enrionment that surrounds you. The immersion sits the player down, orientates and plunges them into an incredibly rich story that discusse an alternate realm of 20th century America, in which post-moderinism has sky-rocketed however the scientific marvels are under the control of -the Prophet-, who preaches a religion very similar to Christianity. Through his dominion over Columbia he his created corruption in the city and a severe class division, also, he keeps his daughter locked away in a tower that overlooks the city. As Booker Dewitt, you are tasked to rescue the girl from the tower and return her to New York to pay your debts. However, the story goes above and beyond your original plans and transform into a materfully crafted journey into self-discovery and the liberation of a religously/poltically opressed city. What makes this story so rich and immersive is it-'s use of  quantam physics-' String Theory, as a key plot structure. String Theory explores the fundamental forces in the world, the consquences of hidden dimensions, number of dimensions and the supersymmetry between dimensions. Needless to say the context, the plot, the graphics, the themes, and the gameplay will leave you breathless.The Burial At Sea DLC is also incredible. 
Finally, a shooter where the focus isn-'t being an un-stoppable killing machine, shelling everybody with democracy for Merica-'! Spec Ops investigates what the darker side of war is, such as the underlying intergrity of orders and duty in a mission, decsions made by soldiers towards the execution of a -success-, and the psychological toll of killing and navigating a war zone. As for the gameplay, the third person mechanics work very well and the combat is very dynamic thanks to an interactive envrionment and exceptional friendly and hostlile AI. What-'s unique to Spec Ops is it-'s rich narrative (including the dark themes explored) and the fact that it-'s a shooter that isn-'t designed to mow down waves of enemies, drive cars through helicopters and surviving skyscraper collapes...  Gets a 9/10!
