5 words... Buy As Soon As Possible, 10/10 one of the best competetive game's I have ever played. The experience you will receive in this game is endless, I have played almost 1000 hours and am still hopping on every day and playing almost all day. The only downside to this game is the anti cheat valve is using, yes they have created a system called overwatch to help with the hackers but in many of your competetive games you will see a hacker either on your team or the enemies. Now don't let this ruin the game for you because you can still try and the feeling you will receive when winning a game against a blatant hacker is awesome.
Really fun to play with friends, funny as and atually more fun than you probably think it would be. :) I recommend buying it and play with friends.
It's basically an exact copy of the original game, The developers could of made this game look a whole lot better more like Age Of Empires 3. Yes its still fun and great just like it used to be but dont expect too much more from this game than the original one. 7/10, if the developers see this please take into consideration to re-do the games quality to make it more of a 2014 type of game instead of a 2002ish game.
To be honest, for a game with such a little download comes with endless hours of quests. Join together with friends in this fun and entertaining MMO. Many great features and the only thing I could ask for is Australian servers. Other than that keep updating and adding more to this fun free to play game. Oh and it's sorta pay to win but like paying doesn't impact other players and sorta ruins the experience of the actual game itself.
Great gamemodes, funny game the characters animations and the GGun customization is intense, one of the best Arena based weapon customization game I have seen in a while. Probably a 8/10 in my Opinion and highly reccomend Installing this game.
Heaps of fun with friends and can get really intense when the gunfights start happening. This game looks awesome and just well it is awesome. I reccommend this 100% if you are thinking of buying it.
