Lets you live out your 80s action movie and 90s saturday morning cartoon power fantasies. -For you Terminator fans: Be both a Terminator and Kyle Reese: SIMULTANEOUSLY.-For you Alien fans: Play as Cyber-Dwayne Hicks and burn a nest full of eggs with a flamethrower.-For you RoboCop fans: Use Murphy-'s signature handgun and a Sniper based directly off one of the props. Listen out for the ED-209 voice cameo.-For you Predator fans: Have a grip contest with an awesome African American supporting character and slaughter enemies from a helicopter using the onboard minigun while listening to Little Richard-'s -Long Tall Sally-.There-'s literally something for every cheesy Sci-fi enthusiast here. Arguably the best game in the Far Cry series.
What can I say about this game? It's masterfully ported, has fantastic graphics, almost seamless controls, tremendous atmosphere and plenty of replayability. The story, while intriguing, is admitedly rather short and won't be of any significance or interest to those who haven't played Metal Gear Solid 3 and/or Metal Gear Solid Peace Walker. Both of those games, while dated, are fantastic and well worth playing even today. Especially considering Metal Gear Solid 3 is considered one of the best games ever made.Back to Ground Zeroes, the gameplay is superb. Sneaking through enemy territory has never felt so simple yet effective. The controls, regardless of whether you are using K+M or a controller, are spot on. The quality of this port in general really is a testament to Hideo Kojima's dedication to the world of gaming. Especially when mainstream games like Far Cry 4 and Assassin's Creed Unity are casually thrown onto PC with little-to-no optimisation before release.As far as I can tell, all the returning characters from Peace Walker are still voiced by the original actors (aside from Naked Snake/Big Boss, who is now voiced by Kiefer Sutherland rather than David Hayter). Naturally, they all do a very good job bringing their roles to life. A common complaint about the game is the recasting of Big Boss. David Hayter's voice has become an icon of the series and many felt that his replacement was detrimental. I am a Metal Gear fan as well so I may be biased in my opinion of who is better. Personally, while David hayter is undeniabley the voice of Solid Snake, I feel that Kiefer Sutherland does a fantastic job as Naked Snake/Big Boss (For the uninitiated: Solid Snake and Naked Snake are two different dudes, they just look identical for reasons you will learn if you play the first Metal Gear Solid (wink-wink nudge-nudge)) and I wouldn't have it any other way. In in all: This is an amazing game for those familiar with Metal Gear. For the uninitiated however, I strongly advise that you play MGS 1, 2, 3 and Peace Walker (maybe even Portable Ops if you like, although it's not at all necessary) before you think about trying this one.Also, you'll definitely want to play this before The Phantom PainVerdict:For the Metal Gear fan: 9/10For the newbie: 7/10
Now uncensored over here in the land of Oz. As if there wasn't already enough reason to buy this game.
If you watch South Park, you-'ll love thisIf you-'ve never watched South Park, you-'ll love thisAlso there-'s a sequel coming soon by the name of -South Park: The Fractured but Whole-
Easily the best game about Ninjas ever made and probably the best stealth 2D platformer ever made. It stands among Metal Gear, Splinter Cell and Hitman as one of the best stealth games of all time.I highly recommend it to fans of the stealth genre, especially if you have a softspot for 2D platformers.
I-'m seeing a lot of misuse of the word -unplayable- in these reviews, so I though I-'d provide several definitions according to google:unplayableʌnˈpleɪəb(ə)l/adjectiveadjective: unplayable    1.    unable to be played.    -he thinks the ball is unplayable-    2.    (of a sports pitch) too poor to play on.    -an unplayable winter pitch-    3.     (of Batman Arkham Knight) completely playable at a solid 30 frames per second (with no frame rate drops) if one is capable of putting aside one-'s childish standards and refraining from tantruming like a spoiled daddy-'s girl.-Arkham Knight is unplayable-
Better than GTA V10/10EDIT:However, like GTA V, this game now has microtransactions. Game=Ruined
