Dota 2  (Defense of the Ancients 2) is one of the best MOBAs (Multiplayer Online Battle Arena - where the objective is to competitvely push 'lanes' and destroy enemy towers to eventually reach their base. First one to take down the enemy's Ancient (final, large building) wins), and one of the most popular (second only to League of Legends).It is very similar to LoL (although there is no 'surrender' feature in normal games - yet), and if you play LoL or most other MOBAs I can guarantee you'll have a good time in Dota 2, provided you can get over the difficulty.The difficulty in Dota 2 is much higher than other games of the same genre. League can be quite easy, but Dota is a complete other world, where if you don't do even the smallest split second thinking right, it can cost an entire teamfight and then lead to defeat. Don't let this scare you though, practising against bots will allow you to get ability and item combinations down pat.Although, if you've never played a MOBA before, it may take a while to learn. As well-known Dota 2 player Purge says, it will take about 2-3 months before you'd be considered 'ok' or 'decent'. Along side this difficulty in game is the players. Sometimes you'll get really nice players that joke around a bit, sometimes you'll get nice competitive players, sometimes you'll get people who joke around the entire game to annoy their team...but sometimes you'll get players who want nothing but perfection (I myself, at times, may be one of these people) and detriment their own team if the smallest thing isn't done correctly. There is a reason behind this, which is like I've meantioned before, even the slightest wrongdoing (tower diving for a kill A.K.A. suiciding - but this is quite a large example).The Heroes (not Champions) you get to play as are all given to you at the start, rather than 'buying' or unlocking them. Although this may seem like all the new players would get to play the best Heroes from the start, there isn't exactly a 'best Hero'. Heroes have many, many downsides and weaknesses, and if not played well can lead to some of those problems I've mentioned above. Once a Hero is learnt to play well though, it is possible to effectively dominate the enemy team when playing on pubs (casual servers). Beware when going into ranked matches though - most people in ranked will know how to play and what to do, as it requires a fair amount of playing to unlock 'ranked'. I myself unlocked it in ~120 games, which was for me 240 hours of playing the game.Overall, this is a great Free-To-Play game that is definitely worth getting. It's free after all, and it isn't a small game, unlike some F2P games that have next to no content or games that need to have most of the content bought to be able to use it and actually have fun in the game. It isn't Pay-To-Play in the slightest, as the only thing money can buy is extra looks for Heroes, Wards, HUDs, Couriers, and Loading Screens. There are about 10,000,000 regular users and counting. How about you join them?I'd give this game a 9.5/10, maybe even a 10 because of a Hero that is afraid of trees.Rizzrack/10, I love you Timbersaw (http://dota2.gamepedia.com/Timbersaw <-- Hero referenced).
One of the most unique and entertaining games I have had the opportunity of experiencing. Unfortunately it just isn't nearly as fun without people to play with. I think Magicka is probably one of the best mage-games out there. With its amazing sense of satirical humor, Magicka really does bring out out the laughs very often. The game also has an amazing blend of gameplay, music, and graphics, which really is great for the environment. 9/10
Ori and the Blind Forest has got to be one of the best platformer games I have ever played. I came across it accidentally sometime in 2015 when it was on sale, and decided to purchase it just from looking at the trailer. It looked amazing, and it definitely didn't disappoint. It wasn't until I had beaten the game that I found out it was quite popular, so I'm glad that I could form my own opinions on the game before reading anyone else's.The graphics and artstyle are amazing. The story is so moving for something so simple. Many hidden places and easter eggs. Out of 10, I'd give it a 9. The only downside I can think of for this gem of a game would be that you cannot return to some places after the story has continued, meaning that there may be a few things you have missed and can't return to (a little annoying when it comes to achievements). Overall, definitely a worthy purchase (I haven't bought the definitive edition yet, update to come once I try it).
1. Goodbye2. Goodbye3. Goodbye10/10
Found a level 666 bonus in the profit bonuses.11/9.
A great Wild West themed TDM (Team Deathmatch) or Free-For-All, Free-To-Play game. For anyone who like realistic FPS games with a bit of fun, this is where you should go. It started off as a Half-Life 2 mod, but the fan base grew so it became its own game. This is one of the few Free-To-Play games on Steam that are a must-have, just because of its simplicity!I won't go into much detail, but this game is like a classic Shoot 'Em Up game, except with a realist element added in. There are a variety of very different maps, and more to come in future updates. The game is being updated regularly, so don't worry about any bugs the game might have, they get patched quickly.The combat is fairly balanced (besides maybe running around with a hatchet), unless you come across an experienced player. There are a variety of weapons, ranging from pistols, to shotguns, to rifles, to fists and legs. There are some weapons that are extremely unfair, for example the Sniper Rifle or Colt Walker, but they are much harder to get. There are 3 different kinds of chests, each with their own level of weapons inside. There are blue chests (low-tier),  red chests (mid-tier) and gold chests (top-tier; also where the Sniper Rifle and Colt Walker meantioned before are kept). This chests restock with weapons after a little period of time. Each map has its fair share of chests, but beware. It takes time to open them, and you must be standing near it for this to happen. This also means you cannot move or attack when opening a chest, which leaves you vulnerable for attacks from other players. If the weapon take is successful on the other hand, it gives a noticable advantage when compared to the starting weapons. To heal health, there are whiskey bottles that respawn once drinken, but they leave a kind of tipsy effect on your character for a few seconds, where aiming is a bit off.Overall, this game is definitely worth getting (I mean it's free, come on; there are no in-game purchases either), and I'd give it an 8/10.
Garry's Mod (or Gmod) is a great Sandbox game to build many things and learn about different mechanics in the game. You can build with friends or on your own, or you can just muck around like crazy. This includes attaching engines to a round-a-bout and then activating the engines when standing on it. Also, there are various gamemodes, for example: Prophunt (a hide-n-seek game), Trouble in Terrorist Town (a murder type game), DarkRP, or the standard Sandbox mode can be called a gomemode. A must-get game. 10/10
A really great game. Perfect for people who like building, gathering, fighting and advancing. Minecraft but 2D and a million times better in terms of building, fighting and advancing throughout the game. Check out the other reviews for a more in-depth analysis.
