broken as ♥♥♥♥ much like the devs thems selves cant reconmand in its current state or price, only adds the a civilastion and a campagn and few maps but its very buggy and prone to missing textures dont get till fixes and cheaper pricethe campaign is absoulute trash. ive seen better stories in dota. it is also full of more bugs then that in my back yard. most mods also dont work with the game causing it to crash, civilisation is ok but not as great as the others.
this game makes me sad. not for isaac or any other kid who is trapped in there basement hidng form crazed mother clearly been taking to much drugs but for the fact that i have 95% of achievements and the only ones i dont have is die 100 times and blow up some rocks. as well as the platium and gold boy acheivements. great game
Bought an item and ate a treethen got a wrecked by treant protectortree eating simulator 10/10 would ♥♥♥♥ off eco-terriosts again
Age of Mythology is a very good RTS at its core. for new players. often good amount of stratergy is required to win. you wont do so well if you just spam 1 unit to win. each of races and gods feel differnt enough to paly. all of support differnt units, upgrades and god powers to wield each game.each of the game modes also feel differnt enough to play. the editor is thought of and quite easy to use to create simple scnerios. this allows for many maps and campagns to litter the workshop many of which are quite good. however if you want to create my complex maps with edited units and even cutscenes there is no totorial  so you may need to look i up online. the campaign for aom is pretty good. i wont lie the sotry is know masterpiece however the missions themselves are quite fun. each of them fel very differnt and have unique objectives rather then just build large army and storm the enemany base. the is a large variety of maps to play on even includes a random map generatoer which randomly creates a map for u to play on however these feel too similar after a time.for returning aom players there is really nothing new for you. the only things changed is improved graphics, a day night cycle which can be annoying and golden gift campaign if you didn't have already. you an look forward to owning the new expansion though. as well as the includ of achievesments. while i like achievements in games and are a bit of acheivement hunter at times ifelt these acheivements were lame. the were flat out uninteresting. with no unique or funny names and basic goals that were just time consuming. you only have to winas and beat each god 10 times complete all campigns (theres 4) do some multiplayer  kill and lose some stuff and play and win game modes. pretty lamethe ai is ok but can be bad. on easy they spam caravens and always buy to the same units and never attack unless in water or a wonder has been built. medium is a huge change frim easy however i didn't find too much of difference between difficulties from there. they often uy very few myth units as well never seeming to have more then 4 in their armies at once.multiplayer is also ok. is very differnt expirence from the ai as most humans players are alot harder to beat as they should be. however lag and frame drops plauge this so their a few people playing online.i sometimes get frame rate drops during attacks in single player as well which can be annyoing.the cheat codes and credets are rather amusing in this game. i never watch or use either of them however after hearing things about them i sued them and found quite funnny. for the credits its only on the orginal ones and you have to get to the end of them before the humour kicks into sum AOM is a great game. one of the better rts out their.  you have never owned or played aom then this is a good game to buy. if you already own and play aom then im not really sure that this is worth the price. you would be playing 30 % for next to no new imporvements however you wopuld get access to tales of the dragon should that be free. its porbably better to wait for salesEdit with the new Dlc being released this game became ver dissapointing. the game prompts you to buy the DLC very often even breaking entire matchs with messages and units. upon buying the dlc i liked the new civilisation and maps how ever the campagn and story was quite lame. also this DLC was very prone to bugs and crashes with some making the new civilsation as i have or even the whole game unplayableEdit 2 i fixed thebug that caused the chinese civilastion to be unplayable however i had to delete all the mods as many conflicted with it. this deletes the prupose of the workshop sadly
HI GUYSthis game is very fun and i recomend getting maybe in the future. at the current moement it still in early stages and therefore has some major issurs with the game. as alot of players have stated the lag is a huge problem whcih can make this game unplayable. i suffer a bit from the lag and when i do i dont get very far in the game. it has small amount of maps which i hope they add more in the furture. this game has a nice udea and when a strong community of players with heaps of maps it could be up there with the top fps games each gamemodes in PVE are very fun but jsut about impossable to play with out other people. they should make a single player or offline or something to it so people can play anywhere at anytime they can. there is a nice vaerity of enimies though i would like to see more and the guns are very good though again more would be good. another problem is the Pay To Win in this game and the buying of guns and other items. the store is atrosish it really is. you can buy weapons fore either perament or 30 days or 1 week or 1 day. this a bad idea as the guns get so expensive for pernament costing around 2000000 gold coins which is insane because for a victory you only get roughly 2000 plus bounes. there is always that premien currency which destorys the game as well as there are those premiun items that are OP that can only be bought with it. very good game but has some major issues i reconmend it in the future
this game i sextremly fun and addicting. so many multiplayer servers and game modes which you will never get baord on. my favourite is TTT or trouble in terriost town. there is also single player sand box which you can have fun with. every ones saying you have to buy counterstike source or globad offensive. well you dont. on the workshop you can DL all the required textures for FREE plus other stuff suchs star wars and TF2 and plenty of maps. you meeet many nice people on these games and bad people are usaly delt with apportily. admins are often not abusive and if they are al you have to do is report them and they should be delt with. if its the owner whose the problem then why would anyone be playing on that server. BTW does the real gary ever paly anymore GREAT GAME 10/10 from me
for some reason this game crahses when ever i try to paly a game online or offline i dont why
now i can see if i am goign towards the decapationnd acheivement something i was wondering how i got it
