The great gap in the FPS universe has now been filed.For decades there was a need for a decent, well made, historically correct WW1 FPS and here it is.From the mud of Flanders to the rugged hills of the Vosges prepare to be thrown into the hell that was The Great War.
How can we activley support the develpment of this title if the bloody thing is unplayable after every fkn patch.Nearly 3 years of failed development. Switching from an old enginge to a new one that isnt even properly finished/developed yet and yet the devs expect poeple to lay down money???Come back to this game in 2017 when it might be in the beta stage or go play H1Z1 which will work and be released before this joke of a title.
A definte successor to the original RO2 AND unlike the original RO2 release very smooth and enjoyable.If you have RO2 get onto it the gameplay has come along way.
It's all about the Doller Bill with the orignal game being split into 2 seprate cash cows. A real slap in the face to the original Early Access supporters who fell for the then developer SOE's spin wagon to being bent over by Daybreak games and ripped off again.Cant't polish a turd no matter how hard they try.STAY AWAY < SAVE YOUR $$$$ >
A true spiritual successor to the Battlefield 2 mod: Project Reality.Even at this stage of early access the game is a gem and with the upcoming engine update things will only get more stable.The development team are activily listening to their community, releasing decent updates on development status and making sure the game moves along smoothly.Yes there are issues with performance on AMD based cpu rigs, but they are being addressed. Vehicles are yet to come into the game BUT are on their way and with mountable fixed guns coming in the next major content update vehicles will follow soon.All in all a great, tactical, squad based fps that will cement itsef as an all time great when it reaches its full release.
Hours played before Steam release: about 11.5I was quiet against this title when it was first announced. I'd been burnt very very hard by the original farce that was War Z,Survivor Stories and  finally Romeo's Aftermath. (Bought multiple copies for friends thinking it was going to be great yup wont get into but Sergey T I still have negative feeling towards you and your previuos history).I was finally swayed after watching a vid released by the lead dev in which he addressed War Z, development, pay2win etc etc. So layed down some coin, grabbed a copy and jumped in to find  American, European and Asian based servers no Oceanic servers and being an Australian gamer Oceanic servers are a benefit and straight away I knew there would be issues, its a PvP game and playing on 200+ ping servers is going to be a major issue for hit detection etc. and it proved to be an issue. Especially when encountering large groups of angry killers in a city settings and really effect the PvP experience to to extent where have been reluctant to go into servers with more then 10-15 players making the game a boring PvE bug hunt and loot run.The lack of Oceanic servers has also hindered grouping up with fellow players in the region maybe when the friends systems is fixed a group scenario may overcome the deficincies of server locations.Graphics where also something to get used to. The inhouse enginge and its graphics renderings didn't look like a game released in 2016. Sorry but they look something a par with an early 2000's release game with very a very chunky feel. Nvidia control panel has helped in forcing AA and some other tweaks to improve things but on a whole they are still low grade. in saying this though I have read that there are gaphics improvements incoming with future updates so will see what happens. (got a couple screewn shots up in my profile).The Map....... The built up areas, be it the Cities,airfields or contruction sites are well made and thought out and make for some great areas for firefights BUT I find it too small for some reason. Can't explain it, just yup feels small and hemmed in sometimes.Loot,loot and more loot. Its easy to find guns and ammo. In fact its easy to find most basic items. As you rank up better loot ( go figure). Had fun doing runs to find specail weapons only to loose them quickly (refer to PvP servers grrrr).Guns seems to handle okay BUT server lag etc does effect them with hit reg. So how do I feel, would I recomend it to my friends..... Not until theres Oceanic Servers.It is a PvP game and having to battle not just your opponent but server lag, ping issues, desync and hitbox reg isues takes the fun away and i want to have fun with this game. I can get used to the funny looking graphics and feelings on the map size but can deal with issues listed above. If and when we get Oceanic servers I will relook at my reommendation.Well they have supplied us with Oceanic servers but the dev's like with their past track record have stuffed the game.This title was origanlly advertised as a Survival MMO and now they are scrapping the entire survival part and just letting the game become another generic loot based PvP FPS. Just another crap FPS title
nice RTS for WW2 fans
This milsim brings a visceral realism to FPS gaming.Even at Alpha/Beta stage this game outshines any other FPS titel and I cannot wait till the full 270km Island in the full release.
