Holy S*** I don-'t even know where to start reviewing this game. I don-'t even know if I recommend it or not at this point.Coming from someone who has a decent amount of experience with Unity (The engine this game was made with) I can tell you the developers spent maybe two weeks at most making this. I-'m 99% sure the only real work that went into this was the small amount of coding it took to program the movement and weapons (which still isn-'t even well done). Everything else has either been bought from the unity asset store or downloaded for free. I really can-'t tell if it-'s laziness or straight up incompetence but almost no effort has gone into polishing the game. It-'s the little details that no one normally notices that makes literally all the difference, such as: The gun not rendering over the pause menu. Having more than one 30 second song for the entire game. All the menu fonts being the same size. Somewhat decent audio mixing.  Gun models facing the right direction. Clear and concise UI design. The day/night cycle not being an instant change. I could keep going for hours...But by far the biggest issue with this game is its mechanic design. It feels as though the devs never once stopped to think about how the game feels to a potential player or what would make the game more interesting. absolutly no research into the design of other games and what makes them succesfull was done and no time was taken to ensure the game was engaging. It all comes back to the devs spending nowhere near enough time in development. -Oh man I-'m getting pretty bored of making this game- -ehhh, it-'s technically a finished product. let-'s just dump it on Steam, make our money back and do something else-There are so many issues that are basic game design 101 it-'s physically painful to try and list them all. There is zero context as to who you are or why there are zombies everywhere.  When one level ends you are (without warning or context) teleported to the next level. Every level is exactly the same with a different map. The -Boss fights- are so bad I can-'t even describe them. You start with nowhere near enough ammo.  Zombies just randomly spawn around the map, sometimes in plain sight of the player. The minimap doesn-'t rotate with the player making it impossible to tell where enemies are coming from. Every level is 15 minutes even though they have maybe 2 minutes at most of content.  The progression and unlock system is useless. Nothing you unlock gives you a feeling of progress as every gun functions basically identically. I got enough money in three levels to unlock every character and weapon in the entire game. As I said before the UI looks like complete garbage and is extremely confusing. I swear everytime I play the FOV gets smaller to a point where I can barely even play. Because of its spaghetti code, the game struggles to maintain 30 FPS (despite looking terrible) on my upper middle level rig that can run most modern games on high at above 60. etc..However this, like all terrible games, has a few positives that makes it almost (key word almost) worth the time and money you waste on it. I recommend you and a bunch friends buy this game when it-'s on sale just to laugh at and to have a good time. I-'m not gonna lie though, I did have a little bit of fun while playing it. And to Digital Homicide (even though you most likey wont read this). I understand that you have a dream of being a respected game developer and it hurts when people harshly criticise or even attack you for your work, but everything people say about you and your games, for the most part, is true. And until you start taking your time and making games that people accually want to play, you will get endless amounts of s*** and trust me, suing big youtubers who give you a negative review will never improve your image. To do that you need to show your worthy of a good image instead of trying to buy your way there.
If you came into this game thinking a 10 man team could change the world, then congratulations, you played yourself. I don’t understand why every big release people hype their expectations to unreasonably high levels and then get mad when something doesn’t live up. So R.I.P No Man’s Sky, a good game brutally murdered by Sony and their desperation to make a niche as ♥♥♥♥ game the biggest and most hyped release of all time. It never was and never will be a mass market appeal game, so why was there ads on literally every gaming related website on the internet? Why was there interviews with Stephen Colbert? Why was every store covered head to toe in posters? It was hyped to insane degrees to be a triple A level game and that's what everyone expected, “It’s 60 bucks, must be just like Call Of Duty.” well I’m sorry but it’s not. Is it the developers fault for being insanely vague and showing scripted, unrepresentative trailers, long before the game was ready to build hype? maybe, but for real, how many times has this happened? How many times are you going to believe random promises from random developers and then feel disappointed on release day? What will it take for people to stop taking every word of some programmer as biblical? If you were let down by NMS, at this point you honestly did it to yourself. It is not a game for everyone, and you most likely are not the audience for it. “Wide as an ocean, deep as a puddle” they cry from the rooftops. What is so bad about puddles? If you need every game to be an ultra deep, realistic, life changing experience, put down the controller and go volunteer in some third world country or something.Also just because some feature that was promised three years ago in some interview isn't in the final game, doesn’t make the developer's liars. Making a good game on this scale is hard as ♥♥♥♥, harder than you might think, especially with a small team. If you don’t like the game, planets rotating around the sun won’t make it suddenly game of the year. Sometimes a small feature needs to be cut to make time for something more important. “I don’t understand why they just can’t tell us when they remove a feature they promised before launch.” I think you underestimate how many death threats you would get if you told Little Johnny his favorite feature is now gone. The first few hours of this game was truly amazing. Desperately searching for resources on an inhospitable frozen planet, timing expeditions from my ship to avoid freezing to death, finding strange alien creatures, figuring out what minerals could be used as fuel, building new tech, avoiding the Space Cops[dr56wvhu2c8zo.cloudfront.net], finally fixing the ship and being free to explore an endless universe. If the whole game was as good as the first 5 hours I would probably say NMS was the greatest game of all time hands down.However, at 10+ hours I can start to see where people are coming from. After about the 5 hour mark, when you learn everything there is to know about how the game works, seen all the pre designed outposts, space stations, ruins, ships etc. It loses something. It falls into the problem that every procedural game does, repetition overload. But it isn’t inherently bad for that, as I said before, it really isn’t for everyone. If you, like most people, want to experience something new and exciting every few minutes it falls short, if you wanted a game that you could explore for the rest of eternity, it falls short but if you're like me and want a slow repetitive space game, No Man’s Sky is probably the best one I’ve ever played. (certainly more fun than Elite Dangerous)I know I just told you to not trust random jack offs on the internet, but trust me, do yourselves a massive favor and don’t expect anything to change your life, you will enjoy a lot more “disappointing” things.P.S. There is no need to be upset
Screenshot simulator 2K16
