This game is Guitar Hero for bad-asses.At first, taken that Bit.Trip Runner is a game focussed on rhythm, it didn't seem like much to me, just an automatic runner with a cool soundtrack right? But over time, the complexities unfolded. Each level has a few patterns of obstacles to dodge, kick and jump over. The patterns repeat over and over, a lot like a regular ol' pop song, but they're as hard as hell. I quickly learned that I would get pulverized if I didn't create patterns of my own. My natural instinct was to block the sweet tunes and the colourful scenery out of my mind, and move to my own beat.And so, the controller became its own musical instrument that I had to master. The timing with which each button was pressed carried as much weight as playing that perfect chord on a guitar. I practiced every day. Every tiny nuance in the way I played required ironing out. Pattern after pattern after pattern was formulated in my head. And after two weeks, I finally finished it, and it was the most satisfying feeling I've felt in a long time... because I felt like I was consciously engaged in creating a means to end every single level. Few games have made me feel that way before.I won't lie, at times it was one of the most frustrating experiences as well. This instrument requires precision - a fraction of a second between pressing the button makes the difference between life and death. But the anger is worth it, solely due to the fantastic art direction in the game. I was constantly inspired to get to the next world so I could see new sights, new blocky 8-bit monsters and machines that look like they could be from your worst fever dreams, vastly different, vibrant and generally awesome colour schemes, and not to mention more of that fantastic soundtrack.Playing Bit.Trip Runner is a lot like the sensation you have when starting to learn an instrument. You know it's possible to master, other people have done it before, but you know you're also in for some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ times, when you feel like you just want to give up. No matter what, though, it'll always be in the corner of your eye, looking really good.
