I roleplayed with one of my friends and he was a police officer and I was a druggo and we had to get to the drug stash and then he was a gangster and then I was police officer and then the tables turned again and we had a robot chase.11/10
I have never yelled out -YES- so loud after beating level 3 on a game.11/10
(Warning, this review contains spoilers of the game)Ok, this mod is brilliant. Whoever thought of this is genius. The game mechanics of Portal are changed, but nonetheless still have the same feel to it and, although confusing at first, you get used to them.The only things that really sucks about this game are three things.1. There's this part where you have to deactivate some machines and stuff, you have to go on an insane track of jumping and speeding and everything, except my instincts told me to go to this little square in the wall, but when it said to skip the section ahead, I didn't read it properly and jumped it to it, and the worst part is that it doesnt even skip it, it plays someone playing it which was REALLY lame. I was really disappointed and I didn't want to play through the whole chapter again for that one bit.2. Like Portal, almost no replay value.3. The ending of the game is just really bad. This new personality core called Nigel (who is likeable and funny) has been hinted as evil and wants to kill you towards the end of the game. But the ending is just a copy and paste of the original Portal. You're on a platform, descending into fire and, because your paint gun was deactivated, there was no way to avoid it. The game even points out the loophole of you not needing to die, and the last thing you hear is just Nigel describing the rising temperature and then the credits roll. This left a really bad taste in my mouth and it just felt the same but worse, because at least in Portal there's a lot more even after you think the inevitable. That really sucked and I didn't like the ending really. And there's not even really any end in sight of the game, it just sort of ends.But overall, this game is worth the money. It's got a community workshop, which is pretty cool granting lots of possibilites. If you're a fan of Portal 2 you'll like this game.Pros:-Great mechanics-Great gameplay-Good voice actingCons:-Ending isn't up to par with the rest of the game-No replay value really-No real easter eggs of sorts8/10
I love Garry-'s Mod first up. I-'ve had some of the best times playing with friends on Sandbox and Trouble in Terrorist Town and murder and things like that. There are infinite add ons and so much fun to be had.But the multiplayer public servers are awful sometimes.If you have no friends online and you don-'t feel like sandbox, you can go on to multiplayer online to open servers to play TTT, murder, Prop Hunt, etc... But the people on these servers are just awful most of the time. What I-'ve noticed is that there-'s a very limited selection of the types of people in Garry-'s Mod. Either it-'s the squealers that have the most annoying voices sometimes and say vulgar things, or 18 year olds that sound like they have nothing to do with their lives. I-'m not saying all people are like this, but it-'s just how it usually is. RDMer-'s in TTT are the worst who kill for no reason, and another thing in TTT is how people are suspicious of the littlest of things. I cannot recommend the multiplayer servers.Another cheap sort of way to get money is to buy Counter-Strike: Source along with it. That-'s another $15 on the $10 price tag, and you (like me) may think -I don-'t want to buy it- and will probably wonder why it comes as a bundle. See, the thing is, that in Garry-'s Mod, if you don-'t have the certain texture or addon for an item or map, there will be huge red error signs and purple and black squares so you can-'t see the items. And some of the neccesities for this game in terms of maps and textures come with Counter-Strike: Source. And if you don-'t, you have to go online and find ALL THE TEXTURES and ALL THE MAPS in a bundle, open up your Steam folder and dragging them in. These packs take about half an hour to download, and you need to download all the gamemodes, excess maps and so many other things if you want to play online properly.  I mean, come on, at least give us a warning guys. To me this seems like a ripoff if you didn-'t know and a cheap way of getting money.Overall, I really love Garry-'s Mod, but I love it the most when I-'m playing with friends on a private match or by myself in Sandbox. If you-'re gonna buy it for online multiplayer, I do not recommend it. If you-'re going to buy it to play with friends and the occasional online multiplayer, I fully recommend it.Pros:-Fun gameplay-Great gamemodes-A lot to do and downloadCons:-Bad community-Textures and addons (sometimes)I will keep Garry-'s Mod at a 7/10(i know this is a very negative review, but I just wanted to let you know the bad about Gmod before you buy it)
