I'll start this review of by informing people that there is a slo-mo like ability mapped to the caps lock key by default. As far as I know (unless I skipped it somehow) the game doesn't actually inform you of this and I only found out by pure chance when I spazzed on my keyboard trying to get away from an explosion...so yeah there's that.Anywho as far as the game itself goes although I'm giving it a recomendation it is a real mixed bag game design wise. This is probably a game you'll have a love/hate relationship with. Overall the gunplay is great. I really enjoyed the old school twitch based no iron sights shooting and good old fashioned health and armour drops. It's the level design that really starts to let this game down in the last few hours. The first level has you going through a space station with very linier corridors with very little room for deviation whereas the next few levels open up a little more. About halfway through the game the levels start becoming a little too open, with unessessary doors and corridors becoming accessible and some just plain huge open spaces with zero guidence or indication where to go next. This is bearable though and it's not until the last few hours that it just gets tedious. The game starts resorting to horrible half-life like platforming (crouch jump and all) and extremely obscure and hidden paths like barely visible vents and holes in the ground. The end mission is definitelly the lowest point of the game unfortunately. There's also a terrible stealth mission very early in the game but thankfully it's the only one and is over reletively quickly.If you're looking for a game with a cohesive story I would look elsewhere as well. The plot is all over the place and the cutscenes and voice acting are laughable. It's a shame because the game takes you to some amazingly different locations like a space station, gang infested city slums, Russian bases crawling with soldiers and even eventually to Mars for the 'big' conclusion. The amazing variety of weapons is fantastic and they all handle differently making each of them very situational. So in conclusion, if you're looking for an old fashioned shooter with some fun gunplay I would say pick this up. Even if you don't play it all the way through to the boring conclusion (honestly the story ain't worth it) it's still a lot of fun.
