Strong visuals, tight complex level design, and totally obscene, this game is the definition of awesome. $10 for a good 10 hours of strong classic shooter is well worth your time.
Long story short: A run-of-the-mill modern military shooter with a meaningless and short single-player campaign. While neat with graphics and sound, the $15 seems a bit too much on a rather easy and generic 6 hour game. Pass it unless you-'re very interested.DISCLAIMER: While I haven-'t played the sequel yet, Metro Last Light, I-'ve heard a lot of the narrative is improved upon with that game. I have also not played the Redux versions as of yet.Metro 2033 is a first person shooter that takes place in the tunnels of Moscow in the somewhat distant future. You play as Artyom, a dude who is trying to get to the other side of the Subway to save his hometown from mutants. On the way, you encounter bandits, creatures, and a strange supernatural entity.While the goal of the single-player is made clear from the start, it quickly loses track as you meet up with other characters, and basically go through escort-like areas with them. It-'s hard to keep focused when you-'re constantly meeting different people and experience different kinds of gameplay. For example, one moment you-'re fending off a minecart from mutants. The next, you-'re sneaking through a bandit hideout, stealthily killing each person you find. The next, you-'re walking down a corridor talking to a guy with very little coming at you. Each with some different NPC leading you. The whole journey feels disjointed and inconsistent.Throughout the game, you acquire a bunch of weapons. Most of these function a bit differently, but some just seem outright pointless, like the ball bearing shooter, which can barely even damage enemies, runs out of ammo quickly, and occupies the same slot as the shotguns. My biggest issue with the weapons is that there-'s very little variety. There-'s nothing past pistols, assault rifles, and shotguns.These weapons can be found on the ground, alongside medkits (which quickly restore your health) and gasmasks (which basically are a time meter for above ground sections). My issue with the medkits is that the game is a cover-based shooter where all of your health eventually regenerates. In gunfights with other humans, medkits are only there to save time rather than hiding behind cover. In fights with mutants, medkits are pointless, as the regenerating health mechanic pretty much saves you from any hits that the mutants do, provided you dodge their attacks a bit. All of these items are also sold in shop areas which appear in the first half of the game (they oddly never appear again after chapter 4 I believe). An interesting concept here is that bullets are the currency of the game. My issue with this is that the kind of bullets that are used as currency are also the weakest bullets, which removes the whole purpose of them.So the gameplay has you going through a bunch of different locations, meeting a few different kinds of enemies. You-'ll fight humans, who all hitscan you if you move out of cover. The gameplay for these guys is pretty generic and bland. While their AI is good in moving into cover and such, there-'s just no variety between them throughout the game. The other kinds of enemies are the mutants. There-'s a few different kinds, but they all can only melee attack you, making -running backwards in circles and firing wildly- an unfortunately effective method. These enemies also deal a surprisingly low amount of damage, even on harder difficulties, making them very easy and nonthreatening targets, which is a shame, as they-'re supposedly the huge threat of the story.There-'s also a few stealth sections in the game. Artyom-'s watch has a coloured light section that indicates how well seen you are, but, at least for me, it doesn-'t work all that well. There-'s been times where I-'ve hit the red light, and have still been able to run through unnoticed. Other times, the light is green, and I start getting shot at. Stealth is a very weak element of the game, and fortunately (or unfortunately) it only comes up three times in the game.Of course, there-'s a lot of on-rails sections where you-'re on some sort of moving vehicle and you-'re shooting at stuff. These vary the story up a bit, but in general are a bit easier than the rest of the game and lack the depth or challenge that you-'d be expecting during these usually explosive sequences.I don-'t know if it-'s just me, but I experienced a lot of bugs with the game. There-'s the above stealth system which sometimes doesn-'t indicate the right thing. I-'ve had AI glitch up and run into walls constantly. I-'ve had times where a scripted sequence at the beginning of the game ended to my death. I-'ve had times where the UI would not come up. The worst one I had though was that my gas mask would not come off my face, which was okay at first. However, with the gas mask, taking damage starts to crack the visor, making it extremely difficult to see, and since I couldn-'t take it off, I was forced to play through literally half the game with my screen almost obscured (loading a save or checkpoint wouldn-'t fix it).Graphically the game looks alright: depth of field and fancy lighting and particle effects makes the tunnels and overground look starkly different. The sound is also done alright: the music builds up at the right times (although it-'s pretty generic), and the sound design works well as sounds echo in the tunnels and fade off in the overground sections.Unfortunately, the engine cannot make up for the game-'s shortcomings. Metro 2033 was not that enjoyable for me. I played through the game twice: once on hard, and once on Ranger hard (which hides the UI and makes everything (including you) die very quickly). Both playthroughs were plagued with issues for me. I didn-'t enjoy the game that much mainly because it was short and didn-'t offer anything substantial in terms of gameplay.And that-'s a shame because my friends tell me there-'s a great story tucked away underneath it all. It-'s just I was too focused on the gameplay to really experience that. There-'s a couple of side things to collect, and there-'s a second ending that isn-'t purely a decision at the end of the game. But, especially the ending, I felt that the game was giving me mixed messages about who was the good guy in the story, which would be fine if it was a bit more clear-cut what the implications of my decisions were.Metro 2033 is a modern military shooter first and foremost. If you like those kinds of games, you may find something good here. The setting is unique, and ultimately you might have a good time with it. However, if you, like me, don-'t like those kinds of games, pass on Metro 2033, as it won-'t do anything that amazing to interest you.RATING: 0 UP, 1 DOWNMy up/down rating system tries to differentiate between games that are mediocre (less ups and downs total), and games that are interesting but flawed (more ups and downs totals). Ups relate to how much good a game has, and downs are how much bad a game has.  0 UPs 1 UPs 2 UPs 3 UPs   Not worth playing, skip it Alright, play it if you-'re into the genre Very good, play it if you-'re looking for something worth trying One to go down in history, a must have for everyone[/table]  0 DOWNs 1 DOWNs 2 DOWNs 3 DOWNs   Nothing detrimental in the game A few things wrong, but doesn-'t ruin it Kind-of broken or aggravating, you may not be able to put up with it Very, very broken, a lesson on what not to do[/table]
