Full review:- UpdateThe latest Crimefest content has forced me to now give a negative rating. This game is now literally paid to win as weapon skins, which can only be purchased with real money, provide stat boosts, as if DLCs that provide attachments that also provide stat boosts are not enough.Everything else is copied from Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, including the rarity, -safes-, keys, and the -'Inspect Weapon-' animation.Shame on you Overkill.Will NOT recommend.- StorylineThere is not much plot to PAYDAY 2, which is staged in Washington, DC and you are offered contracts by various key contractors who either request you help trasport narcotics, rob a bank, rob a big bank, rob a engine prototype or simply changing election results in favour of -Four Men, All Votes- instead of -One Man, One Vote-. Community suggestions also led to introduction of new weapons and the break-out of a fellow heister who was sabotaged. However, some other extremely common community suggestions appear to be ignored or unaddressed.- GameplayThe heists are dynamic in a sense as camera placements, loot quantities and placements as well as guard routes can change every time the map is played, similar to that of Left 4 Dead 2. Different events can also happen for the same heist and pose a challenge to the players -- although some do get annoying at times and when you-'ve played long enough, you-'ll become experienced enough to handle the same old variations.Some of the heists are also quite short-lived, as they can end as quickly as they were started and there are not much objectives in the heists, making the robberies highly repetitive and likely boring. A new friend of mine was shocked at the completion of the heist within 3 minutes. Newer heists such as The Big Bank Heist and Hoxton Breakout provide a quicker pace and a longer fight between the law enforcers and you -- but similarly it does not provide much variations. As such, the game has a balance of good and dull heists -- I had expected better seeing the awards though.There are four difficulties ranging from Normal to Death Wish, where Overkill would be the commonest difficulty when you-'re experienced and Death Wish would provide a truly engaging experience, unless you are stealthing and have not been caught. However, if you are new to the game, don-'t be eager to start in these high difficulties (although Normal difficulty is truly boring even for a low level).You can heist in Singleplayer mode, which limits you to yourself and 2 team AI bots, or you can play Multiplayer with 3 other players. The Singleplayer mode, which can be played offline, is annoying as Overkill reduced the number of bots from 3 to 2. Although the bots are tank on their own and can regenerate health and ammo, the bots lack skills and ability to help transport loot, making the player -all on their own- to carry out the goals. Bots can also be interrupted by law enforcers and makes it extremely annoying when they stop reviving you to fight back even when you-'re going to custody in a second or the revival would complete in a second. Bots are also essentially useless in stealth missions and all they do is to prepare in case the heist gets loud. In Multiplayer, things are more interesting and PAYDAY 2 mainly revolves around multiplayer as different user interactions definitely makes the heist experience a more unique one.Bugs are also common (to an extent) in PAYDAY 2. While some are fixed in the following few patches, others appear to be unresolved from day one till now.- GraphicsPlaying on 1920 x 1080 resolution, there has not been any major, gameplay-affecting pixelation yet and the lighting effects are not over-emphasised (which can cause the light bulbs to be brighter than the sun). The law enforcers-' faces, especially the snipers, do look contorted though and probably can be improved. Some jagged edges are visible though unlikely to be noticed in normal gameplay. Graphic designs are however, in general, not neglected. Walls are vandalised with graffiti instead of being left blank, food menus in the cafe stores are actually filled up and paintings can be destroyed.That being said, the textures and details are often extremely blurred, such as the bank branding on ATM doors and food products. Even if you argue that the grafitti blurred out due to age, it-'s too blurred for any monitor with a resolution greater than 720p (or somewhere there). Although this game is a few years old, with the constant updates and huge game file size, you would think it has better graphics than the current, outdated one.- Character Feature(s)PAYDAY 2 follows system similar to that of RPG where there are 5 skill trees and several perk builds for you to choose from. You gain skill points upon leveling up and perk points upon receiving XP. Although more dynamic compared to PAYDAY 1 as every player will now have (slightly) different builds and thus different abilities (compared to a high level player which simply has everything), the grinding can get tedious once you have reached level 70+ or 80+. This has been more or less rectified with the XP changes and it has been much easier to level up since then.PAYDAY 2 also allows more customisation compared to PAYDAY 1, where you can customise the mask colour, pattern and texture instead of simply choosing the masks. This allows more than a few million combinations for masks to choose from (although some are downright unappealing). Masks are purely cosmetic and do not affect gameplay, other than showing your artistic sense.Weapons can also be customised using the limited range of weapon modifications, which can be extended via DLC to gain access to better or more flexible mods. Some mods are achievement-locked and require you to grind for them.- MusicThe soundtracks suits the gameplay rather well, tensing up when law enforcement assault starts and slowing down when it ends, giving an additional brief respite. Depending on the heist the soundtrack was based on, it can be classical music, a retro-styled music or even just -exciting- music that you can follow to. The soundtrack DLC is needed if you want the mp3 or FLAC files, which further allows you to customise your in-game soundtracks without the need to purchase other heist DLCs for the soundtrack. - PricingRefer to update.- VerdictAt its age, I would have expected more than DLC-locked content which are pumped out more often than free content (which wouldn-'t have mattered as much if the DLCs are more reasonably priced). Despite the potential in the game, I am upset that the game has evolved into one that is simply money-making without actual new content.We are not robbing banks, guys. We are the ones getting robbed here.
Short Review:Virtual Hat Simulator. With Cash.Full Review:- StorylineThe plot is simple. There is a war going on between the Builders League United (BLU) and Reliable Excavation Demolition (RED), both subsidiaries of TF Industries. However, due to problems lacking an obvious bureaucratic solution, mercenaries are contracted to address the situation through war. You join one of the two teams (not permanently) and play as one of the nine mercenaries (hereby named -'classes-') which each has its own unique features in a war to Attack/Defend (e.g. Payload, Attack/Defend Control Points) or to gain control (e.g. King of the Hill, 5CP, Special Delivery)- Gameplay/ClassesThe nine classes all play an important role in the game and having too many (or the lack thereof) of one class leads to an imbalanced team, causing the team to suffer heavy penalties in terms of co-operating to push towards their objective. The nine classes, Scout, Soldier, Pyro, Demoman, Heavy, Engineer, Sniper Medic and Spy all have their own distinct features, ranging from invisibility cloaks to the all common 420blazeit sniper. The weapons are more or less well-balanced, in the sense that no weapon is vastly considered to be better than the stock or another weapon, although it does suit different fighting styles.With new maps (almost, or at least somewhat) consistently introduced, you get a different gameplay each time as you encounter players who genuinely help the team, players who go in alone and complains no one is there to help, or players who are so accurate with their shots and low ping you don-'t stand a chance (unless you lag shot them with your 500 ping). You might also join a -friendly- server where you see players just taunting and -Conga-ing- or walking around, and killing them earns you a kick or a callout for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥.- WeaponsMost weapons are attained through item drops which occur as you play, so as to -encourage playing- until the item drop cap for that week is reached. Strange and Festive variants can be obtained by using keys (purchased with Steam Wallet) to unlock normal, rare and seasonal crates. These are however, purely cosmetic and do not affect gameplay in anyway (besides distracting you). Using the weapons you get, you can craft them into another weapon of your liking or even get a chance to craft a more uncommon reskin weapon, such as the Mauler and Sharp Dresser. Some weapons can also be obtained via achievements and in general, the weapons are considered sidegrades -- except for several Medic melee weapons, all the weapons can be considered to be both better and worse than the stock weapon you are given.- Cosmetics & Online InteractionTeam Fortress is well-known as hat simulator. Using the weapon drops you get, you can craft them into Refined Metals and eventually recombine them to get a common (named as -'Unique-' in the wiki, and -'Normal-' in-game) quality hat (TF2 Premium DLC is required, obtained upon any in-game store purchase). Rarely, you may also get hats or even taunts via item drops. This purely decorates your character but does -most- of the gameplay here. Saw that cool-looking unusual guy? Aim him. Saw that gibus (an achievement hat) guy? Aim him. See that guy with ten thousand kills on his strange weapon? Aim him. That dumbass guy who just started playing? Aim him. (There-'s some toxicity in every game, so expect that.)The cosmetics also run all of the trading in TF2 and it is what allows you to actually earn (or lose) money (in terms of keys) and/or Steam Wallet (by selling the keys on the market). If you are lucky during an unbox, you can also get an Unusual-quality cosmetic or taunt, basically a normal cosmetic or taunt with an additional effect, and this fetches a very high price in the market due to its highly valued effects (market and player dependent).You can play the game fine if you do not care for cosmetics and you can simply find some traders or trading sites to exchange for the weapon you want. Trading is based on own personal experience which is unique to almost everyone and this cannot exactly be reviewed. Online interactions are not rated.- VerdictIt-'s a fine game for playing, similar to those less traditional FPS that you play, i.e. not the Counter-Strike types. Other than tryhards who remain tryhards and you can never kill them, or beggars or trolls which you can mute or change a server, this game offers many playstyles which will definitely suit you, at least one way or another.
Short Review:Improved since Orion Horde, but largely remains to be seen. There-'s still plenty of room for improvement.Full Review:- GameplayThe game concept is simple. For campaign, you have to survive a group of invading dinosaurs that will only invade you after you start your first generator and after which, you have to drive/walk/fly a long distance to activate your inappropriately-marked second base. The -Capturing Base- message only appeared after I was some distance away from move the marker and the base itself.For survival, it-'s self-explanatory. For PvP, it-'s self-explanatory. For sudden death, it-'s self-explanatory (if you-'ve played other games that have this). Every other mode other than campaign revolves around these 3 modes, only difference lies in whether it-'s a team or one man army or which weapons you get to use.- Changes in GameplayThe last time I played this game was close to a year ago. I played only Singleplayer and gameplay was at best average. You go around capturing bases, shooting dinosaurs, and perhaps exploiting the map to your advantage. Everything else was left to yourself. There are 3 markers indicating where to get weapons, skills and vehicles. That was about it. Even after the transition from Orion Horde to Prelude, I found it rather boring. Along with a non-existent support team, I decided to abandon the game.Many months later, I saw their latest video advertisement showcasing -how much their game has improved-. Reluctantly, I decided to give it a try. (To my surprise,) they had actually improved on Singleplayer mode. You no longer fight alone and have four (relatively dumb) teammates which will help you when you go down, without desperately trying to get a last wind. Campaign-wise, I haven-'t managed to get pass the first few bases because the AI wouldn-'t follow and I ended up getting plummeted by two triceratops. That wasn-'t fun (to die and lose), but nonetheless interesting.- Graphics/Visual AppealDespite the -massive overhaul- from Orion Horde to Prelude, there was not much change in the menu layout and character design. Pretty much every customisation requires you to buy for real money (or earned by unlocking numerous achievements), and the graphics are rather dated (pixelated with its bad geometrical shapes). The only thing that impressed me was the main menu background and that-'s about it.In the game itself the developers have noticeably added the weather effect. Your screen will occasionally blur due to the snow and there is a consistent (but annoying) white border around your screen because of snow blowing on your face (at least that-'s what I interpreted it as). The added weather effects are appreciated and helps you to -focus- on the game. However, other than that first glance, every other models such as the vehicles, weapons, et cetera are pretty much mediocre. The text do not scale well with the resolution and exceeds the screen (so the skill name and description is cut off for me) and the border between the background and the text is not consistent. Skill icons are also exactly the same as when the game costed USD15.00 before the overhaul to Prelude, which would have been fine if the icon were not extremely visually unappealing. Think of the icons as having secondary school or fresh college students (not graduates) drawing them. It-'s not simple enough to be -simple- or complex enough to be -complex-. It-'s just... Well, the trailers don-'t show you the skill icons, do they?- Bugs (?)There are some noticeable features that I can-'t really describe it as bug or glitch or whatsoever, because I have no idea if they were meant to be a feature or a bug. For example, you are able to buy the same skill as many times as you want, so long you have the credits from killing dinosaurs. I have no idea whether buying the same skill again have any upgrades (because the skill description remains exactly the same and there is no indication of current level) or it-'s just bugged and wasting my credits (because even the skill icon colour, everything else remains the same). Sometimes I am also spawned way, way, too far away from the base when I just started the campaign and have to activate the generator to start the game. Again, I have no idea whether being spawned 400 metres away from your main and first base is a feature or a bug.- VerdictBy now, you-'d probably wonder why the hell am I recommending this game after such negative experience and I have only 3 hours on record. I-'d say the game is actually worth that $1.00 if you have friends to play with. It-'s fun for a while, and you could probably find some easter eggs here and there and explore the terrain. The terrain is rather big, but there-'s no sandbox option for me to explore so I can-'t rate the maps very accurately and I-'ll leave it out from the gameplay part. After all, with dumb AI, you can-'t do much (albeit more than without AI). However, if you got no friends who will play this with you (or can-'t seem to find one) and/or the game reverts to its original Orion Horde price of USD15.00, I-'d say skip it. It-'s seriously not fun playing alone. I would have given this a mixed review if possible, or else a bad review. But for its price, it-'s hard to argue.
This is an Early Access review.Short Review:Guardians of Orion significantly improved on what they did with Orion Prelude, though I do wish that they actually 'finish up' Orion Prelude first. (I might change the review of Prelude soon.) The game is playable despite some buggy features and is, in my opinion, not yet worth the full price. However, it does look very promising and has the potential to be one of the best first-person-shooter-♥♥♥-third-person-shooter game ever released.Full Review:- First-Time Set-upYou need to create an account separate from Steam. There appears to be no confirmation e-mail sent and the game will automatically logs you in. There is no log-out button either, and I am rather confused about the Orion account. This does not affect gameplay but more likely it has to do with backup of your game data on their servers, as well as keeping track of account balance/funds (to be implemented).- CompatibilityThe game appears to have full controller support. Most help text will reference controller buttons instead of keyboard buttons even if you have no controller.- StorylineSimilar to Orion Prelude, you have to survive waves of dinosaurs and protect a (few) harvestor(s) in their survival mode. A PVP mode among several others are planned but not yet released.- UniquenessThe most interesting aspect of the game is being able to toggle between first-person and third-person. The experience is rather difficult to describe and appears to be plain on paper, but incorporating the mechanics is indeed impressive. When in first-person mode, you do what most first-person shooters do. You use your mouse to aim at dinosaurs (both land and sky), right-click to zoom-in closer to the reticle (the scope is currently non-functional) and left-click to shoot (duhh). There is a sprint button but no jump button. Instead, you have a 'dodge roll' bound to your spacebar which you can use to evade specific dinosaur attacks (with cooldown, no continuously rolling across the floor and becoming invincible). In third-person mode, aiming becomes more simple as you gain a 360 degree view around you so there is no sneak dinosaur attacks from your back in first-person view. I am not sure if there is any way to aim the angle of weapon, as I find difficulty trying to kill dinosaurs in the sky. Right-clicking increases your field-of-vision of the map, while sprinting decreases it.- GameplayThe game features both online mode and offline mode. In online mode, you will first enter a lobby where you have to walk to a station before you can open the server browser and join or create a game. In offline mode, there appears to be support for multiple players.There are currently 7 classes in the game, each with their unique primary and secondary weapon (usually a pistol). The special tertiary weapon appears to be the same for all classes, which is a healing gun used to repair the harvester, your health and your armour (albeit rather slowly). You get to change your class in-between waves. Each class also feature 3 different skill groups that you get to spend your skill points in, to improve your character weapons, functionality or to unlock new special weapons.About 6 maps are currently present, with different texture and settings but mostly similar terrain. The maps feature destructive props such as the rocks and trees that can be destroyed by the player and/or dinosaurs.In survival mode, you are able to occasionally collect crafting materials and/or from killed dinosaurs, as well as from 'bonus chest' that are spawned after killing the boss within the time limit. Crafting materials can be used to upgrade your existing gear and augment weapons, although I have yet to find out how. The equipment will be shared among all classes and will affect a number of statistics, some of which are self-explanatory while others are unexplaned. You get to respawn after dying or getting eaten. If less severe, you fall into an incapacitated state where you can still shoot with your pistol and get revived by a friendly teammate.There is currently a lack of vehicles compared to Orion Prelude. Currently, AI teammates also appear to be absent.- Graphics/Visual AppealIn first-person mode, the textures do look great compared to many of the other AAA games, especially given its smaller file size. However, it worsened in third-person mode where the grass and trees look rather dull and flattened. In first person-mode, your screen will act as the visor and feature cracks when your armour gets destroyed and your health becomes low. Weather effects are likely to be added.- BugsBugs are likely to be expected in an early access game. One of the more noticeable ones that affected me was in first-person mode, where the rifle does not always fire at where the reticle is, even when standing still. I am using the Sharpshooter class with a sniper rifle, and zooming in does not help. I believe this is not intended and will likely be fixed.- Pricing & VerdictAt its infant stage, the game does look promising. You get a 'Founder' status for buyung the game early, and it appears that future guardians will need to unlock classes with in-game currency. I do like the game, but given its current state of development and basic gameplay, I would not really recommend buying at its full price. However, be sure to get it during deep discounts.
Short Review:The game is dated and its age clearly shows. When I first got the game, the user reviews were mostly positive. Now it's mixed, so you can probably tell from that too. Full Review:- Gameplay & GraphicsWhile the scenes in the video look nice, playing it in 2014 with a 1680 x 1050 resolution and later in 2015 with a 1920 x 1080 resolution makes me feel like crying. If you force the game to full screen, it's pixelated, else it's small. I could adjust my default screen resolution to suit the game, but this simply reinforces that the game is outdated. It may be good in 2006, but certainly not now. The controls are your typical WASD and mouse interaction, while for the gameplay itself, I did not fully explore the game so I cannot offer a full storyline review. However, from my early stages in the game, it takes way too long to travel from one point to another with little to offer. While Far Cry also requires you to walk a long distance, at least you get to hunt some game. Not in Just Cause 1. It's just holding W and hoping someday, you get there.- AudioThe music and sound effects are pretty average in my opinion. I'm not a fan of it, but taste is subjective.- VerdictDon't buy it, even it's for a really cheap 90% discount. Unless you're using an older and smaller computer, you've played it before and you want to play it again. In that case, follow your desire.
Short Review:You get what you pay for.Full Review:- Gameplay & ControlsDefy Gravity is a simple platformer where you use simple controls (WASD and mouse) and various objects to help you out, specifically one gravity sphere and one black matter sphere. Using these two spheres, you attempt to suck youself and navigate through a simple, and then challenging and later split-second-reaction-time terrains. There are no background story as to why you need to navigate through them or whatsoever, so it's just a linear puzzle game. The controls may feel a bit disjointed at times as you have to mash the buttons or else repeat yourself for a few more times.- GraphicsIt's rather simple and there's not much fancy graphics to it, save the cutscene (maybe). The menu and text are easy to read but also, again, rather simple. The background does not feel matching, et cetera, as you can probably notice from the game's screenshots itself.- MusicIt's simple audio effects as well. Nothing spectacular, distasteful or annoying.- PricingIt's cheap, in fact the trading cards you get costs more than the game itself. The plenty of reviews helps to concrete this evidence.- VerdictThere's no reason to not get it, though if you aren't a fan of these platform-jumping games then there's no reason to get it either. Or maybe you could earn a few cents from selling the trading cards?
Short Review:The game has literally nothing to do with the music. Otherwise a worse-than-average platformer.Full Review:- GameplayThe game and level design is awful. It is a simple platformer with constantly flashing lights that do no part to make the game look nice and your friends don't here what music you are playing. If anything, the music is just what you play in the background. You don't jump, dodge or do anything that is related to the music, fully contrary to what it claims “Discover gameplay with custom music” . There's nothing to customise at all.- ControlsThe controls are also simple but really plain because of the poor execution. You find yourself trying hard to jump, run, dodge, not because it is difficult, but because the game mechanis are just off. You respawn next to the obstacle which continues to run even when you die, so you are essentially waiting for the right moment to jump -- and even then, it doesn't feel fun doing that. It is not tense at all. It is boring jumps and runs all the way. - VerdictI am glad I got it for free. It was a waste of time to even install it.
Short Review:The game is dead. Avoid it at all cost.Full Review:- GameplayThe game is about monkeys fighting other monkeys and trying to maintain their own power core.Concept looks similar to other games like Awesomenauts, but since this game only has PvP (no bots or offline mode) and ALL servers in ALL regions are empty, this game is essentially non-playable.As a result, I can't really rate the gameplay at all. Other than a negative rating for the absence of offline mode.- VerdictRun it for the trading cards. Unless you happen to have some friends and you can withstand the brighter-than-the-sun glow from the damned torch.
