I began playing Dota 2 at a time when I thought -MOBA- games were the weakest of the game genres. I always thought it was weird to play a game like this and whenever I saw gameplay videos of Dota 2 - I had no idea what the heck was going on. It never occured to me though, that this game would have baited me in for more hours of playtime. When I first started Dota, there were some training missions I had to go through. These explained the basics pretty well to me and eventually, I thought I knew what I was doing. Also, I also thought there would-'ve been some sort of story mode (Due to the way the training was presented). Unfortunately, there was none but I could see some potential for a story-like mode.Although during my first public matchup, I did feel like quiting because I really did have no idea what I was doing and my -teammates- were complaining about how bad I was TO THE OTHER TEAM (That-'s right; the other team/our enemies). Then they all began calling me a noob. The amount of insults I received were terrible, but eventually I had a few other friends play the game along with me and that-'s when things began to change. That-'s when Dota 2 became something I actually loved to play because of friends, and because my friends and I got better. It came to a point when we started to insult the enemy team whenever we trashed them. Everytime we do that, it would just end up with us having fun regardless of us winning or not. That-'s what Dota 2 is for me: having a good time with friends and having fun.I then tried LoL and I came to the conclusion:Dota 2 > LoLSo since this game is free to play, I highly recommend it. It-'s free so I say, -Why not?-. It-'s best played with people you know, after all- it is a team based game. There are more things to talk about in Dota, but if you want to know what they are, play the game. Experience it.
Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a great game. Why? Because it serves its purpose of making you choose how you'd like to play. From stealthing your way through a whole section, taking down badguys behind every corner, or going guns blazing- killing every one in sight; it's one of those games where choice is present. Although there may be choice, it does not affect your character or story (unfortunately). I played through this game twice and had fun playing it over again just to get the achievements. The game itself has a wonderful story; one that opens its way into the earlier Deus Ex games. There are plenty of easter eggs from the previous game to be found here since this is chronologically a prequel to the other Deus Ex games. It was definitely thrilling towards the end where different endings appeared. I saved it at the time to make sure I went across each ending and those endings gave the game justice. I couldn't stop the goosebumps from popping out.All in all, if there ever was a chance to get Deus Ex:HR - get it. Make sure it's the Director's Cut too because then you'd have the DLC (Missing Link) implemented in as well as for a few more added features. If not, just get the game regardless.
I don't even know what I'm doing.
