Unless you-'re willing to pay $5, there-'s quite literally nothing to do except sign up, click some stuff, and then look at news that hasn-'t been updated for over a year. -Curse your sudden but inevitable betrayal!-
WHERE'S THE SEQUEL?!
It's not exactly my favourite Resident Evil game, but I still think it's really good and worth the playthrough. The story is interesting and surprisingly engaging enough to make you want to play through the whole thing, which I think on its own is a good enough reason to give it a shot. The PC port is also pretty good, it runs well even on older hardware. Not to mention the game's graphics are pretty amazing. While the game strays far away from Resident Evil's horror style and goes into action, I don't think you should let that stop you from enjoying the game for what it is. I've loved the Resident Evil games for a long time and I think this game is worthy of the Resident Evil name!
It's a decent game. It does need a lot of fixing up, but it's good enough for its price. Very fun to play with friends. If you like Minecraft, then you'll like this for sure.
Really fun and enjoyable addition to this series! Not to mention the game looks great and plays very well considering it's a 3DS port. Worth playing as the game leads directly into the events of Resident Evil 5. Recommended!
This game is really, really good. Despite the Steam version being a bit broken, not including the soundtrack and such, all that can be fixed. It may be hard to run on modern systems, but it's usually not impossible. I finished this game, and I gotta say I really enjoyed it much more than the first Dark Forces. If you are a fan of games like the original Half-Life, then chances are you'll enjoy this. And I'd say it's a must play if you're a Star Wars fanatic. It's a good length and each level was challenging and fun to play through, as well as having quite a good story. As a fan of Star Wars, I highly recommend this game.Update May 2016: There has been a recent update for this game that has fixed numerous problems with the game and added the soundtrack. Finally!
If you love classic FPS games and also happen to love Star Wars, then you'll love this game. This game has a really retro feeling to it, plenty of puzzles and plenty of action. That, and it's quite challenging. This game took me about 10 hours to finish, and to be fair I think it's the perfect length, if it was any longer I would start to get a bit tired of playing. Not to mention, this game is impressive for its time. I recommend this game, it's really fun and actually has a good story, as well as being a good length.
