Probably the best Free to Play game that I've ever had. Team Fortress 2 is the main reason why I downloaded Steam in the first place, which has introduced me to many other fantastic PC games (and sales of course!). In case you didn't know, Team Fortress 2 is a class-based multiplayer FPS that was developed by Valve in 2007. There are 9 classes to choose from that all have their own unique weapons, strengths, weaknesses, items and personalities. They can all be customized with different cosmetic items like hats as well as weapons for different playstyles like the rocket jumper which helps the Soldier launch him self up in the air without taking damage. Despite being a multiplayer-only game, the characters in this are much more interesting than most other shooters.TF2 definetly is not a pay to win game. You can earn all of the weapons without spending money by getting item drops, which are pretty common. Most other cosmetic items you can get from drops but they are much more rare. But I don't have a problem with this as they dont affect gameplay at all. All it takes to unlock other features like trading and more backpack space is to purchase one item from the Mann Co store. This could be less than a dollar. The only thing that I would criticise with the f2p model is that many of the weapons and cosmetic items in the Mann Co store are pretty overpriced.There are modes in the game like Capture the Flag, King of the Hill, Payload, Attack/Defense and Control Points. In all of these modes, teamwork is essential to winning the objective which is why it is important for your team to balance the classes out so that everyone has their own role. Be sure to check the server browser as it offers many different custom servers with their own interesting game modes and maps.Despite the game being made in 2007, the visuals have aged pretty well due to the non-realistic cartoony style of the graphics. TF2 also has a very high playbase today due to Valve adding tons of new features overtime. For a while, Valve focused to much on adding hats rather than different weapons but it seems like they are noe deliverng better updates. More modes and maps would be nice though. If you look at the console versions of this game (barely been updated since it was released), you can see how far TF2 has come. As long as the game keeps on being updated to stay fresh, there is no need for a sequel. This is my most played game on Steam and there is a reason for that. If you don't have it yet, I absoloutley reccomend you get if you have a computer from the last decade or now. It's free so there's no harm in trying it. Without this, I would probably never have Steam. So overall, I give Team Fortress 2 a 10!
