I enjoyed F3 and FNV but this is just terrible.1) F4 ditched *having an RPG system* and replaced it with stock linear-perk Action game. Alpha Protocol has deeper systems than this, honestly. I might as well be playing COD: Wasteland with a quest system.2) The world design is just lazy. You know how in F3 and FNV there were neat little things hiding behind every nook and cranny? Every inch of the map told a fun story, and each little shack and camp had an -implicit tale- that was told by the world design. Some were silly, some were funny, some were sad, some where disturbing. Skeletons in bathtubs with a shotgun positioned on their head and blood splatter on the wall, and if you dig around you can find a little note. But not so with F4! It-'s just generic terrain as far as the eye can see with the occassional loot pickup. Go back to F3 and you see bottlecaps positioned on tables as if someone lived there. In F4 it-'s all about streamlining the loot drops (bottle cap stash? c-'mon). Who made the decision that the performance/visual gain from reducing the number of interactable world objects was the right trade? In an open world RPG? Next-gen graphics is not why people play RPGs! As I said, we-'re dealling with COD:Wasteland here.3) Yeah I get it you designed the UI for console. Guess what. I play on a PC and I miss the previous dialog system. And I know this sounds nit-picky, but how much of the budget went into VO? I don-'t care about VO... in fact I find it incredibly distracting because I like to give my character the voice in my head, not the voice of the actor you hired. <engage Fat Comic Book Guy> Earth to Bethesda, you are not making a movie.4)The great thing about the dialog systems from F1,F2,F3,FNV was that you could see what your character was going to say before you said it. You were rewarded for paying attention to the NPC-'s mood, and the subtle cues from his/her text. This ME ripoff is simply not suited for a Fallout game since the point of playing a character in a story-rich RPG is having control over what he says!I-'m the sort of player that has like 100s of hours into pretty much every open world RPG I touch, and that includes multiple Bethesda Titles (F3,Skyrim,Oblivion,etc). This is game is not going to be one of them. I will be requesting a refund.EDIT:I want to clarify what I meant by -lazy world building.-in both FNV and F3, even in the new player areas, it felt like I couldn-'t go behind a hill without -finding a location- that had basically a mini-vignette. And it-'s not just about skeletons in death poses, it-'s the feeling that somebody used to occupy this space, and it-'s really just a lot of little touches and attention to detail. In F3 and NV the world was just filled with random little details (if you pay attention) and plus maps were HUGE. You could tell a well-staffed experienced team spent a lot of time world building. It-'s like for every shack and gas station they asked -who lived here? what was he doing?-This is what it means for *me* to be immersed in an RPG -- the suspension of disbelef that the world exists with or without me, and I-'m just passing through.I found F4 totally lacked this. And yeah, it-'s a feeling thing... but so is -fun- and everything else important to game aesthetics. I want feel like a location is a legitmate place in the game world that I -happen- to run across, rather than solely existing to supply me with loot for the next scripted battle. I felt F4 was mostly the latter.Maybe other players don-'t care about these sorts of little touches, but for me when I play an RPG it really matters to my immersion in the world. Otherwise I just see right through to the treadmill skinner box and I might as well be playing an FPS/shooter.Which brings me back to my main contention is that F4 isn-'t an RPG game. F3 is, NV is, but F4 isn-'t. If Bethesda wanted to make an FPS fine, but that is not how the game was advertised and honestly it-'s a huge waste of the Fallout license which is primarily an RPG franchize. In a larger sense this is a very disturbing trend I see in the industry... a large company buys a beloved RPG franchize, and makes a shooter out of it and burns the core franchize fans because cashgrab. Then buy a new franchize, rinse/repeat. It-'s parasitic behavior.
I love RPGs. I love permadeath as a mechanic. But permadeath should be an outcome of bad choices, because I got into a combat over my head or picked a wrong dialogue path. Not because a failed a 33% flat roll that popped up for no particular reason (from the player-'s standpoint). It-'s assinine to invest hours into a game, to accumulate wealth and resources and improve your combat skill... only to have a window pop up saying -roll or die- and you fail the roll and die.
Another overhyped rip-off from a AAA company that uses the tech and IP from a decent reboot of a beloved franchise to make a lazy, uninspired and clearly untested $80 cash grab sequel. And all the media minions are so quick to proclaim this garbage GOTY because that's how the biz works.Anyone giving this game a good review is suffering from the reality distortion field of cognitive bias and wishful thinking. I get it, you paid $80 and anticipated XCOM 2 for months. You so deeply want this to be a good game. It's not. It's trash. Clearly none of the developers actually tried to play it.I am done buying AAA games. Any remaining faith in the game industry is lost. I hope the industry burns to the ground and something worth my time and money grows out of the ashes.
The problem with this game is that it relies too heavily on the RNG, and especially with the permadeath/stress mechanics you get in these wacky positive feedback loops where every character feels like skipping their turn because reasons and the whole party wipes through no fault of the PLAYER.If you are going to make a game like this, there needs to be certainty that the player is punished for his/her mistakes alone, and not random chance. Also, the balance is godawful.I really wanted to like this game, and certainly the core is there. The art style is pretty rad, music is nice. But it simply doesn-'t play well at this moment.on edit: After playing a bit longer, I wish I could change to double downvote. Characters refusing heals from party members, damaging themselves because they are too -stressed-... ugh
I was hoping for a Fallout2. What we got was... something that tried to be Fallout2 and fell way, way, way short. Part of it is the skill system, part of it is loot distribution, part of it is the linear nature of the story, and map design is also pretty bad. The game can be super easy/trivial on the parts I want to be challenging, and needlessly frustrating on the parts that should be simple. There are no -multiple ways to solve a problem- there is one way, except they don-'t always tell you what that -right way- is. The game is a decent time-waster. It-'s not terrible, I certainly put more time into than other games. But I-'m not going to remember it in 5 years.  But this really was billed as a 2nd coming of F01/F02 and it-'s not. It was a let-down, given the promises.
I'm a huge King's Bounty fan. I haven't gotten too far in on Dark Side, but so far this feels pretty weak in terms of level design and pacing. For example, the catacombs had their walls just lined with eggs, and thats a LOT of clicking to collect them. There are treasures with 15k gold in the first few minutes (just unguarded and hidden away in a random corner) which is ridiculous. There were areas I could get to, but I clearly wasn't supposed to be there (because there were no enemies, all the doors were locked)... and then I had to go back and talk to a person and suddenly the area could be used.In other King's Bounties, the loot and itemization was really well distributed through the map. This isn't the case here.King's Bounty never had the greatest writing, but a couple of places it was really phoned in. Just walls of text that have nothing to do with anything. Will keep playing, maybe it gets better. But I hoped the new player experience would at least be more polished.
