EDIT: Updated for patch 1.39Patch 1.39 has changed several things. For one, all aircraft are 25% less reserch points. It still takes a long time to unloack all aircraft, but at least they're making some effort to balance the progression curve.1.39 has also massively dropped the price of aircraft (and slightly dropped the price of repairs), in some cases aircraft are 1/3 of the lion price they were. Again, a step in the right direction. Original review content is below, most of the bullet points are the same.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------As much as I want to, I can't reccomend this game. Gajin seems to have turned it into a money farm. Progression was always a problem in the game. pre patch 1.37 money was a problem. If you wanted to buy all the aircraft of a rank you had to either grind hard or buy premium currency. It was a constant complaint on the forums. Did Gajin listen? nope!Post patch 1.37 the problem is even worse. Money is still an issue, only now you have to research aircraft individually. Other members have done the math on this showing that it slows progression and devalues premium currency by 4-5x. The progression curve is broken. So broken that it's kind of pointless to switch between countries. if you want a jet before your 60th birthday, you grind the hell out of one country until your brain melts.This saddens me. The game itself is wonderfully fun. The way the devs have handled it makes me want to puke. If you do play, play for free. Don't give them your money like I did.
While i do love this game, it is not without issues.The primary issue is the multiplayer. I greatly anticipated playing classic AOE 2 with modern netcode, but apparently that was not to be. If Skybox fix the multiplayer issues I would happily reccomend this to anybody that would listen.
There is very little not to love about this game. The vanilla content is finished to an amazing level of polish. The physics are on-point in almost every car. Slides are catchable. You can feel the tyre wall flex when you approach the limit. You can feel the front end push and the back end skate around more than any sim I've ever played. The FFB in this game is different to any other game on the market right now. For the first few hours the wheel felt dead to me because you only recieve the forces that would be translated to the wheel in the actual car, not a bunch of canned effects as well. With a T500 the FFB is exact, and a pleasure to drive with once you get used to it. Seriously if you don't own this game and you like sims, buy this now. and there's a laser scanned nordschleife now. What's not to love?Beyond the devs there are truly incredible mods from the community. I would strongly reccomend the T5 (DTM) cars from united racing design. They're like the best sim cars I've ever driven and are well worth the price of admission. There's millions of other great mods though, look on race department and you will find what you desire.There are some areas that are lacking in my opinion. For example, there are no pit stops or longer races, the career system is pretty lackluster, the AI still does some weird things and the visual damage modeling is not quite up to scratch yet. Overall though, this game is worth every single cent and then some
