Plenty of potential but still a long way to go. Very limited optionsGame is local multi-player only - there-'s almost nothing else to do besides this as far as I can tell - no AI vs and no network play as far as I could tellControllers are a mustPerformance even on a relatively high end PC (i7 4770/GTX 680/16GB RAM/SSD) can be quite poor at times an anything but -fastest- graphics settings In its current state it-'s difficult to recommend.
Buyer beware: When this game was moved to steam I'd just renewed my subscription 2 months prior - they refuse to offer even a pro-rated refund despite not providing the remaining 10 months of service which I'd paid for. In addition to this all stats were wiped. A move to steam like this would have been in the works for at least 2 months - so essentially my money was taken without any intention of providing the full duration of the service.In addition to this they have failed to provide a copy of the Terms of Use which I've requested despite this being the grounds for them refusing the refund.It's worth noting that when I say them I am not talking about Steam I am talking about Quake live/ID software/Bethesda (whomever manages their support/billing)Overall it's essentially Quake 3 online - it's fun if you can get a server that's actually got some people in it. After screwing over their entire player base though it's a little difficult at times
Very different take on war, you play a survivor who must struggle to survive. As food and resources become more scarce your characters are forced to perform deed's that are not in their character which can take an emotional toll, leading to depression. The UI is very straight forward for the most part (only thing that confused me was 4/3 means you have 3 out of the required 4 - not the other way around) .Definitely worth a look if you want to kill a few hours or 15 :)
Great game until they turned off the AU servers - now I effectively dropped > $100 on starter packs etc. that are unsuable - this happened relatively close to release, and EoR is not offering refunds. When the servers were taken down they made no effort to notify customers, or respond to questions on forums on social media or their forums for well over a week. The worst part is that when they tried to justify the reasoning is that they said it was due to poor match making when it's clearly just the cost of servers vs population. Match making was as bad if not worse after switching off AU servers and latency was significantly worse - actually barely playable in most cases.As such feel free to play loadout it's a pretty sweet game but I don't recommend paying EoR for anything or expecting them to treat their customers in a remotely fair manner. I don't think at least a partial refund would have been unfair as what was purchased is now of no use to me due to changes on EoR's part.
