Awesome little game, well worth playing.  Graphics are beautifully simple, concept is close to the heart of most gamers, and gives an insight into the process and headaches of devs. You-'re only as good as your last game. Only downsides I found are the music gets a bit repetative after 4-5 hours (so turn it off then), and the -side missions- get predictable.  It-'s interesting to see the consoles come and go, while the PC keeps on going. It-'s a great way to see how gaming-'s developed over the decades too.I-'d happily recommend it, and look forward to the devs-' next game.
31 march 15 update: THIS GAME IS UP AND WORKING AGAIN:  With a tweak...once you-'ve installed it, right click on the game name, scroll down to properties, then choose BETAS. Then select old_version, ignore the code box, then apply. It-'ll start!An oldie but a goodie!IL-2 Sturmovik has developed from an Eastern Front ww2 flght sim into an absolute monster! It-'s detailed, unforgiving at times, takes effort to get into, and has a steep learning curve. Despite, or because of all of that, it-'s an awesome game. Given it-'s pretty old now, most mid range systems will do well with this. The graphics were good for its time, and still hold up ok in the sky. There-'s a huge online community of verteran players making all sorts of custom missions and skins for this game. Skins are easy to import. These days there-'s plenty of action for the other fronts of WW2 as well, especially in the Pacific.Damage is well modelled, flight characteristics have been well researched, with only a few glitches, and aircraft interiors are beautifully done. Oleg , the man who started all this, was insistent that no aircraft be imported until the cockpit was fully accurate.I-'d recommend this for someone who has an interest in flight from this era, and is willing to put in the hours to learn to fly adequately. I-'d suggest starting not in your favorite aircraft, but something more forgiving like an IL-2 to learn to fly. Eventually you-'ll be able to handle other aircraft no problem. Landing is a big challenge, I-'ve played over 2000 hours on this game back in its CD only days and I-'m still  more nervous about landing than combat!There-'s also some -what if?- aircraft included, hence the title 1946. They-'re fun, and make for an interesting experience, but don-'t add to the realism. There-'s some fascinating player made 1946 missions out there well worth playing.This is not for the casual gamer. I can-'t stress this enough. This game demands your attention and your commitment. do so and it-'ll reward you. A number of real-life veterans have said this game captures the difficulty of ww2 air combat. Don-'t expect an easy ride.
