This is one of the best SP games I have ever played. Long story that makes you make hard decisions and even makes you sad when somebody who you love so much gets killed off. If you are a fan of zombies and TWD or just like zombies, good characters and a long and interesting story about a group of people trying to survive a zombie apocalyps than you must get this game NOUWW!!! Also season 2 is out and you should get this before you play that cause of the saves importing from season 1 to season 2.
Epic game. New maps, weapons, melee moves and enemies. I recommend this game to everybody who likes old school FPS games or to people who are bored with the new -realistic- FPSs like CoD and BF. Only bad thing is that it is Egypt again but it-'s not the end of the world and they made it look good. Buy this game or the complete pack when it goes on a discount!!!
One of my favourite games ever! Really good story and characters, the 2nd ep is really epic and more is yet to come. Only problem is that I can't wait for the next episode now xD.
Ok so I have to say this is my favourite CoD game of all. The MP is really balanced and the only OP weapon I can find is the 870MCS. All of the guns are good and there isn't any underpowered gun. The story is IMO the best in the series and even though I haven't played Ghosts I think the story from that game isn't even close. Zombies return and are still the same old thing which isn't bad at all (if it isn't fresh, doesn't mean it's rotten). I recommend this game to anybody who likes FPSs and is a CoD fan who loved Black Ops 1 or generally any Treyarch game. Get it nouw!!! :D
This game is probably the best Valve game I have played! So much fun and the custom maps are cool. Great game if you like to shoot zombies with some friends :)
This is probably one of the best games of 2012 that I have played!!! Alot better then the 1st game because of the better story and much more better places you visit. Side quests are even better and funnier now! Lots of hours to be spend on this game as you need to level up your guy to be able to complete some of the harder story missions! Also there are lots of surprise moments in this game and the characters from the 1st game return aswell. I recommend this game to anyone who loves FPS games and also a long story that can be played with up to 4 player COOP!!! You must buy this game!
Based on the book by Dmitry Glukhovsky and I have to say the games is a beast!!!Story is pretty good and very interesting following the concept of you destroying the so called -Dark Ones-. Being a post nuclear disaster game you will be killing lots of mutants and encounter Communist enemys and even fight the 4th reich!!! The problems with the game are sadly bad PC optimizing and a somewhat weird and not so clear ending that makes you ask alot of questions about what just happened. Overall I would say Metro 2033 is a really good game if you ignore the optimizing and other little problems and I say it is a game worth buying... it is only 9,99€. Also the sequel for this game called Metro: Last Light is coming out this year on May 17 for people living in Europe and I can-'t wait for it!!!
The sequel to the first serious sam game now in HD is here and better then ever!!!One of the best old school shooters I have ever played and one of my favorite ones.The story picks up right after the first game and is pretty simple to understand, you have 3 new areas now all different from each other, even bigger groups of enemys attacking you now on even bigger levels, new enemy types and new weapons to kill them with, Just in general this is one of the best games i ever played and if you like shooters especially old school ones then you should really give this game a try and buy it!!! You wont be disapointed imo :)
