TAKE THAT AUSTRALIAN GOVERNMENT
I wanted to give this game a thumbs up, I did.Overkill botched that when they released microtransactions despite the fact they said they wouldn't... twice.
This game is very good, I always wondered how Sam, Ash, Brock, Claptrap and GLaDOS would act when playing poker with each other.... Just kidding, I don't know who thought it was a good idea....... They still pulled it off very well.8/10- Needs more TF2
This is easily the worlds best psychopathic stress board. Now I can go on genocidle rampages in the safety of my own prison cell. Oh hold on. My cellmate wants in. Gimme a second, i'll get my toothbrush shank.
-The most fun you can have online is now free-Couldn-'t have been said better.Lets do a checklist on things I want in a game:Great Characters: YepCustomization: YesSomething for everyone: AhuhA storyline: Got itA PRICE THAT DOESN-'T MAKE ME GO INSANE!!!: It-'s free for god-'s sake.....Good Gameplay: ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!!Isn-'t E.T or Ride to Hell: Retribution: Take a wild guessThe ability to be the best game ever: Australia is always called the best in this game, That instantly makes it the best game ever
Words can not describe how much fun I have had with this game.When you find yourslef bored after the 500 times you completed your favourite campaign you can go to the workshop to get some more.I spent more hours shooting the undead in this game than I have any other FPS.TF2 and GMod don't count. One's a war themed hat simulator and the other is god simulator.
I like to think that this DLC is the opposite of Honest Hearts.Honest Hearts takes place in the beautiful Zion Canyon which is teaming with life and lacks the large buildings you might see in The Mojave.Lonesome Road takes place in the giant, irradiated hole in the ground known as the Divide which is pretty much dead save for the Tunnelers, Marked Men and Deathclaws.Honest Hearts is about a fight between a couple of tribes over Zion Canyon.Lonesome Road is about two couriers over not launching a missile.Honest Hearts has She.Lonesome Road has Rawr.Honest Hearts main villian is some bloke with stupid looking dreadlocks.Lonesome Roads main villian is some bloke with stupid looking dreadlocks.... Hold on In all seriousness though I can't recommend this DLC enough.11/10 Needs more Rawr
Downloads and installs in under 1 second, Makes you feel like a survivor badass when you win at stuff!!Also Raiders...... 0/10
I find this game kinda fun, Though very difficult at times.For a bridge simulator it gets the job done, Though I can't seem to get it full screen.........Oh and $19.99 MY ♥♥♥!!!
What can I say about Game Dev Tycoon.... Well one thing I can say is WHEN WILL I GET THE CHANCE TO MAKE A CONSOLE!!All joking a side though Game Dev Tycoon is a great game.I have had a lot of fun with it and i'm glad I played it. Though I still want to make a console.......9/10
