I've been looking for a FTP MMO to scratch the WoW itch for a number of years. Having a subscription meant that I felt like I HAD to play WoW to get that money's worth, which was a big part of the addiction for me. I convinced myself (hitting rock-bottom may have had something to do with it) that cancelling my sub and waiting for WoW to go FTP was the only course of action. That was many years ago. In that time, I have played GW2, Tera, Wildstar, the Perfect World, ESO, LOTR Online, Star Trek Online, SWTOR, Aion, the list goes on. If it's an MMO, I've played it, in the hopes of filling that void that WoW left. Nothing even clame close to comparing. Then I came across Riders of Icarus. I started a Guardian class, and I fell in love. I got the feels, the dreams of the game while I slept, waking only to think about strats and what I would accomplish in game that day. I joined a guild and met people that actually helped, and were happy to give up their time to grind dungeons with me. I began to scour wikipedia to learn as much as I could about this game, and became a wealth of knowledge to my guildmates. Finding ways to counter botters in-game, memorizing locations of rare spawns, bosses and item drops. I found ways to farm gold and crafting mats. I found ways to profit on the AH. Days went by, 3 days after the game's release, I'd amassed 36 hours of game time. I was hooked. I'd found my WoW replacement; hell, in ways it was beginning to outshine WoW. But best of all? It's free to play. Yes, it's a Nexon game. Just don't make purchases with real currency in-game, and you won't have any issues. (It's FTP anyway, serves pay to winners right).Yes, botters are a problem, but you can create your own channel, and specify what displays in that channel. As for bots camping spawns, the system works on first hit. The bot timers for this are good, but not perfect. Just get the first hit in through spamming your auto-attack. Changing channels also works for this most times.Yes, the quests are mostly kill x, gather x, escort x, but at no point did I become bored, at no point did the grind become tedious.As I've progressed through the game, I've been repeatedly impressed by the difficulty of it. I've marvelled at the beauty of the scenery around me. I've experienced little to no lag (a miracle for an Aust player) I've grown attached to Elite pets and mounts that I've sought out and tamed, I've been saddened at saying goodbye to pets and mounts that had outlived their usefulness or been made redundant by better, stronger, faster mounts, with higher HP and Energy pools.But my journey has only just begun. I'm moving interstate for work IRL, and the week between moving out of the house that I currently occupy and the house that I'm moving to before I can access stable internet again will be difficult to endure. But I will be back. I will return to this amazing world, and I will grow stronger. I haven't even come close to discovering all that this game has to offer, and I can only imagine the lands and content that await me when I return. Visuals: 9.5/10Gameplay: 8.5/10Story: 9/10Overall: 9/10 - It's Free to Play, what are you waiting for? Download it and see for yourself. Gotta Tame Em' All!*edited for grammar/spelling and a more detailed solution to botters.
Bought after it went F2P, 35 hrs in. Anyone looking for Skyrim Online, this isn't it. ESO is more Oblivion Online than anything else, but it has most maps from previous Elder Scrolls games incoporated into the world map.+Plays like an RPG first, and an MMO second. +Decent community.+Instanced loot, even in PUGs, so no arguing over who gets the blue item :)+Solid combat.+Excellent visuals and voice acting.+Excellent pings (AUST)+Plenty of people playing. -Approx 11 CTD bugs while playing so far. No error msg or bug reports given.-Very grindy.-Quest Journal pathfinding on the map can be tricky.-Big download. 48GB for me.   
I've been playing zombie games for years, Dead Rising, Dead Island, L4D, Killing Floor, DayZ, H1Z1. Uninstalled them all after playing Dying Light. THIS is the definitive zombie game. Huge maps, high difficulty, gorgeous graphics, excellent coop, well optimised and detailed gore. Totally different voice acting/script to Dead Island too, this game really pulls at your heart-strings. Plus, this game regularly scares the hell out of me. After years of playing video games, you kind of get numb to that. Lots of references to other games, plus Dying Light feels like Mirror's Edge, Assassins Creed, and Dead Island except done better. Get The Following Enhanced Edition. Worth it. Even at full price.*edited for grammar*
An epic game that I just keep on coming back to. Amazing modding community too, there's always some new mod to make the game look better.
