Don't.... Just don't
Love this game and 2033, the game before this one. This game is absolutely one of the best games i have played (and i've played alot) The game mechanics are so fitted for this game. I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes story rich fps games. One minute you are stalking people undergound in the shadows and killing them with a knife throw when they see you, the next you are fighting mutants ubove the metro.Also one thing... Do NOT get this game if you have Arachnophobia. Trust me
Easily one of the best survival games out there. There is a few bugs a glitches still left but for an early access game it--'s still pretty good.Things you can do:Chop treesNearly die or actually die when your mate chops down a tree and it hits youRealise that a cannibal has been stalking you for ages, then you either run away or chase him/herSAGGY ♥♥♥♥!Eat berries and mushrooms that either kill you or make you high... mostly kill youHide like a baby in a treehouse when night comes because you cant sleep anymore and have to wait :/Explore caves with your mates = Finds dynamite = Friends use dynamite and throw it at you = It explodes killing you bothOnce you spawn with you friends, you find the axe then try to kill each other even though its a co-op gameBuild a ♥♥♥♥ load of traps thats just overkill that surrounds your base and the cannibals cant touch the first outta wallThere is heaps of things to do in this game if you have the imagination, and a mate who likes to be a ♥♥♥♥ :D.I highly recommend this game to anyone you is looking for a good decent survival game thats still being updated.
I have to say that I personally really like this game. The heists are pretty damn good, the controls aren't too confusing compared to other games, the stealth really feels like it's both ways, and the customization in the game for you and your guns are awesome. But the bad news about the game, is that to get most of the content and fun out of it, you have to pay and get dlc... But i mean thats kinda fair, isn't it? No thats completely the opposite, the dlc for the game is basically half of the game itself, not to mention that it is rediculously expensive for just one of them, and even if you get one, you get jack ♥♥♥♥ with that. But overall, this game is pretty impressive and I love it, just apart from the dlc ♥♥♥♥.
♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME... CAN'T ♥♥♥♥ING WAIT FOR THE SPECIAL EDITION. ♥♥♥♥ING STOKED.... WOOOHOOOWWHOOOOOAHHAHDHAHDAJHDJHDJGAHHDAHDHHDHAHDHAHDFHHJFFHHF... Ah crap, need to change my pants.
I played the game in beta before the actual release of the game and that was pretty fun, a ♥♥♥♥ load of bugs and everything but who really cares, it was beta and it kinda made it more fun and hilarious when playing with friends. Then when the full game was released, i was so excited for it, because in beta you could only play as one of the killers (the trapper). So when i hoped in my very first lobby, people were leaving, then joining, then leaving again. My first thought was that they just wanted to play with their friends, but then another answer poped in my head, they were just disconecting from the server and returning to the main menu because thats what happened to me. Then when i joined and actually played, the killer was a wraith, so i thought -ah ok, i-'ll just play- but no, the wraith is too OP, they kinda really need to nerf the wraith killer, but overall, when you get a killer who doesn-'t hook camp, or over abuse the wraith skill, then the game is pretty fun. Also, my opinion is that i have seen some people say that the game would be alot better with a -invite a friend to a public lobby- thing. Well i completely disagree with that, because this game is based around working as a team without people asking for it, if someone is on a hook, its common instinct to help them... But yes you will get those people who will only care about escaping and getting the generators rathing than helping a fallen survivor, but hey, in every game you play you are gonna encounter a few of these people, i guess for me its exciting just to see what kind of teamates you get and what type the killer is.I recommend this game, but if you are one of those impatiant, -i want everything now- people, well then this probably isnt this kind of game for you at this present point in time.8/10: Keep up the good work devsAlso remember people, this game not long came out, so gives the devs a break and let them do what they need to do, rather than asking for everything right of the bat.
This game is pretty good for the style and concept it is... I highly recommend this game to players who like zombie, open map survival, scavenging for food, weapons and clothing to be able to survive.
I really like this game, there is a fair amount of things to do while in sandbox to keep you entertained for a little while, and if you get a bit bored, you can download extra content (for free) from the Steam Workshop; items that have been made by other players and enthusiests. Also if you get bored after all that, there is alot of other modes in multiplayer that you can play with others. I really recommend this to others.
