Strategy?, this game can bring you an EPIC strategy you've ever experience.
Playing against BOTS1. Allied bots never follows the command properly (tell bots to stun, silence eg.)2. Too stupid AI that last-killing blow on every player-'s kill and walk right into enemy and feed3. Can-'t train to play heroes that needs actual human intellegence to be effective (illusion depending heroes like Phantom Lancer, Chaos Knight. Because bots can identify which is real hero)Playing against Humans1. Some player in pubs before the game starts: 'Mid or feed-, -I-'m carry, pick sup please-2. Early game: 'Newbs everywhere-, -bobo-, -feeders-3. Mid game: 'we lose for sure-, -Go play with bots newwbs!-, - Worst team ever-4. Late or before GG: ' This team is sheit-, -you ruined this game noob- , -Best support ever-, -No initiator atall-Yeah, have no idea how to learn to play this game without a help from your friends. Because people in community never helps when someone new just joined DOTA 2 and want to play for fun. They didn-'t even think about teach them how to play and make him/her a better player and enjoy the game and could even help you out in that match. Training with bots? It-'s only work for beginners for -A WHILE- but when you want to tryout some other heroes, you-'ll have to play in pubs to get real training experience (And it goes to the thing I just wrote above about DOTA 2 community) Because DOTA 2 bots are too dumb to train something seroiusly.GGWP ,GLHF
One of the best FPS in the world. I agree that it's a great game but meanwhile there's also a ragers that shout on the mic everytime he got killed because a more skilled players. It's a good for FPS starters to PRO and legendary players who enthusiast in FPS and wanted to start somewhere. Still feel strange about how can I headshot when I aim at their foot.
I heard there are some bugs about Mac users, hope they already fix it. Anyway, if you feel bored because modern action shooting games that requires so much time to be good at it, this game is for you.
simply Minecraft 2D, but okay okay. Pretty Unique and addictive.
OMG!!, Always Fun to play with friends! A very Good Story line. Portal 3 Confirmed
Fully annihilation!Great game but doesn't fix some bugs yetWell, the Developer should fix some major Bugs like Generate metal resource on Catalyst's building site(So it can't be build),Catalyst construction Bug(Well, I can't place Catalyst on it building site because there is a building nearby????????? That's ridiculous cuz I had to destroy the nearby building(s) to place it. Also in some situation, the catalyst doesn't build by Advanced vehicle when I ordered it) and battleships... 99% of planets are lands and 1% are WATER???? Then WHERE THE HELL SHOULD I USE BATTLESHIPS???????)
AMAZINGLY FUN!!! This game is seriously exciting and addictive if you want to relax or chillin with your friends or if you want some serious strategy, this game delivers it to you One of the Ultimate RTS Games I've ever played!!!!!
I was boring, so this is how I solve problem1.Go find some pubs2.Find some mic-spamming kids(Usually trade and surf serv)3.Rekt them off by playing spy,sniper or engi spawncamp if you can or what class ever you-'re good at (Dueling them if you confident you-'ll win is recommended)4.Kids be like -Mwhaaaaaaaa This game sucks, I-'m gonna go play club penguin-5.Those kids leave and you just make them rekt.6.SuccessMay the lord gabe be with youfull of hats10/10 -IGN
