Terraria is a 2D Minecraft. That right there is an uneducated and ignorant summary of the indie masterpiece which is Terraria. While some of the concepts are alike Minecraft, it is unique in it's RPG elements and wide variety of items which is well over that of Minecraft's amount. With over 1000 different items and blocks, just under 20 NPCs, 100s of enemies and a charming retro artstyle, there is little I can find that disappoints me in this game. Gameplay is relatively simple and even though once you get up to the Frost Moon event you will still find new things to do. On top of that the game is actively being updated; with updates providing players with a hefty amount of new content. Multiplayer is good fun although I prefer the more easygoing experience of singleplayer. Like most games there are large public servers but you can easily make LAN and Private servers with the aid of programs such as LogMeIn Hamachi. Terraria is a relaxing, fun and unique sandbox; don't listen to the naysayers who shun this game because of it's small and irrelevant similarities to Minecraft.
Team Fortress 2 is the perfect Steam introduction game; if you already haven't been pulled in by the fact that this game is no less than zero dollars then let me persuade you. TF2 is filled with clever humour, wacky hats and weapons and hundreds of hours of online play. Even without a premium account you can enjoy all of the weapons bar a few promotional items and have access to any server you choose. There is a class for everyone; whether you like capturing points and intel as the scout, building sentries and dispensers to aid your team as The Engineer or remaining disguised and unseen as the Spy, Team Fortress 2 can provide this along with much more. There are 8 gamemodes in total including Mann VS Machine; not including several spin-offs and countless community generated content. The community holds considerable power in TF2; almost all of the latest updates have been under a strong community influence; including items and maps. Get TF2. Now. You have nothing to lose and I can almost guarantee that you'll have a great time.
What can I say? After 1000 hours I still feel unwelcome in the obnoxious community and still get absolutely stomped, but I just cannot put this masterpiece down. Defense of the Ancients was a pioneer of the Moba genre and it's sequel remains a strong contender with the likes of Smite and League of Legends. Dota 2 offers a pool of over 100 absolutely free heroes and both a casual and competitive approach. However you choose to play the game you'll be met with an array of toxic, cussing and hateful individuals who will trash talk and rage at you for the simplest mistake. A thick skin is necessary to obtain full enjoyment out of Dota 2. Ignoring the savage community, Dota 2 has perhaps the most engaging, entertaing and satisfying gameplay ever. It feels amazing to initiate a succesful teamfight or to just win a close game. Most heroes are balanced meaning most victories are owed to the skills of the players, however a keen sense of mechanics knowledge is mandatory due to the game's reliance on different damage types and various other integral factors. Whilst it can be difficult as a new player, persistence and resilience can introduce you to many hours of fun. For the best possible experience, playing with friends will both save you from hateful people and allow you to synergise your strategies. Dota 2 is free, so you have nothing to lose from buying it except maybe your social life.
The Elder Scrolls series is an easy one to lose yourself in; the characters, the story, the quests and the exstensive lore make it one of the most enthralling series I've ever played. Skyrim in particular is my favourite title. While the main story is amazing in it's own right (last boss is slightly disappointing) there are hundreds of hours worth of exploring, listening to dialogue and doing side quests. If that isn't enough there is a thriving modding community on Skyrim nexus and the steam workshop. I've played Skyrim A LOT spanning over many different profiles and still to this day there is something new that surprises me. While Skyrim isn't as deep as RPGs go it is a world filled with emersive characters and storylines: the voice acting is top notch (they have Mario as part of the cast!) and the artwork on the city designs such as Windhelm is fantastic. While Sword and Sorcery isn't for everyone Skyrim is dumbed down to a point where it's enjoyable to almost anyone. I'm probably late on this anyway...
Borderlands: The Pre Sequel! is the latest addition to the looter shooter series Borderlands. This game is set between Borderlands 1 and 2 and tells the tale of new Vault Hunters working for everyone's favourite charming psychopath Handsome Jack. The new Vault Hunters and the story of Handsome Jack's plight are top notch, however this game is plagued by a fair number of issues. Athena, Wilhelm, Nisha and Claptrap are a blast to play, which they owe to their unique action skills and distinct skill trees. The narrative is enjoyable if somewhat predictable and adds some depth to the demonised Handsome Jack. Now for the bad stuff, essentially this game can be viewed as a large mod for Borderlands 2 as it is built on the same engine. Additionally The Pre Sequel's end game is hampered by un-respawning bosses and an expansive list of unobtainable legendary gear. Many enjoyable boss battles can only be played once per playthrough and most of the legendaries can only be obtained via the grinder. Speaking of legendaries; most of these will be familiar from Borderlands 2, some at least have been renamed in the hopes that we won't notice. With recent patches failing to acknowledge key issues in the game unless you are a true Borderlands fan you won't find much reason to continue playing past playthrough number 1. All in all the Pre Sequel was thoroughly enjoyable on its first playthrough, the inclusion of Ocker Australian humor and the fantastic narrative provided enjoyment but the lack of end is sorely noticed. Is it worth its price tag? Hell no. Get this game when its on sale.
