Fun short game, if you liked the Stanley Parable, you'll probably love this, although it's more linear and I think there's only one ending.
Whoa this game.The puzzles, the interface and the voice acting really make the atmosphere and story.There were a few main things that frustrated me and forced me to look up a guide on the game.These were:- One thing you had to shoot to progress but I couldn't find it after a long time of searching (not enough clues to find it. unless you literally search every pixel of the level)- An item that dropped that I didn't notice (there wasn't enough visual/audio cues to notify the player of the object)Also one thing that annoyed a few times was when after you just complete a puzzle go to an elevator only to discover you have to go back up that elevator to do another task, it felt like leaving the carpark and going down an elevator only to remember a few minutes after stepping out of the elevator that you forgot to grab your bag/wallet.Despite this, it is a great game and only happens a few times throughout the game.As soon as the day that The Fall 2 is released, I'll be buying it the hour it comes out!
Mount & Blade: Warband is a sequel to the game Mount & Blade.I've never played the first Mount & Blade, soo I don't know how much it improved.Mount & Blade: Warband is one of those games where you just play it for hours and hours without taking a single break or getting bored, since anything can change the situation you're in. From bandits taking on your small party or from high ranked enemy armies, this is all dependent on how you want to play.Maybe you want to be simply a trader just wanting to go from town to town finding the best prices on goods and selling them for a higher price in distant towns. Maybe you want to simply find character NPCs to adventure around the world defeating enemies with overwhelming number using your tactics and small but well skilled/equipped party? Maybe join an army and take on castles? OR make your own army and conquer the world?Or become a bandit, raid small villages, steal their cattle and sell the meat from them?The choice is yours, and you can change what you want to do at any time, but beware of the consequences, as people remember what you do, and might just take up revenge.Now the combat system: It can be quite difficult to get used to, but once you get used to it, you feel like you have accomplished greatness. Pretty much you control if you want to swing left, right, overhead or stab. But this depends on your weapon and if you're on a horse. Some weapons can only be used as a stab instead of a swing while on a horse.I recommend turning blocking to anything other than Automatic if you really want a challenge.In the end I just simply get immersed in this game, and while playing it with auto save, you feel every time you lose a battle, seeing all of your soldiers being killed one by one then swearing to avenge them all one day.TL;DR: Control an army, unique 3rd/1st person melee combat, a open living world.
