Starbound is, so far, an excellent and beautiful little game with lots to discover and so many ways to do it. The controls and game mechanics are dissapointingly hard to get used to for new players and, while i appreciate a challenge, getting started can be a long and boring process with death after death with barely a chance to start learning how the game works. Despite this, players will find themselves coming back to this game over and over, won over by it's charm and always ready to give it another go. Despite the bugs the game is playable and it's got a lot of potential. The multiplayer is also pretty fun.
Tales from the Borderlands is a fun and emotional experience. I feel like some choices didn't weigh as heavy as past Telltale stories but instead fortified or weakened the bonds between friends. Overall I'm glad I played this game and would reccomend it to any fan of the borderlands games or someone looking for a worthwhile story experience.
*Papyrus dabs MTT-brand anime powder behind his ears* *Papyrus realises that he has no ears.**Papyrus trys to stay cool.*Why you should buy this game- Has an emphasis on spaghetti- You can flirt with enemies instead of hitting them- Snail trivia- Skeleton dating- There are dogs- Supports up to 29 hotdogs on your head, 30 is just too much- Puns- Skeleton PunsReasons not to buy this game- --- ...- .......- ..........- Oh you wanted a reason not to buy the game?- ..............- Well...- You might.......- Have a bad time.- ............................- But that's up to you.
Fantastic game.What do you think, Russian Me?+ Is good+ Is long+ Has bugs (you kyetch  them)- Has bugs (I don't like kyetching these ones)- Multiplayer is being broken+ Is having hats! I very like hats!+ It is have value of replay- Must spam clicker to be getting good stats- Dangly viney things on roof very confuse my head for 20 minutes+ Penguin pirates.
This is a fun game!         I-'m ~-Hooked-~    ..............pft tee hee
I spent 20 minutes talking like Stephen Hawking while being ridden by a spriteful fellow I named Cartello.  Cartello is no longer with us, goat rest his soul.
I understand the game is free and it's pretty cool to have been made by someone so young, but there isn't much good to be said about this game apart from that. If a zombie starts chasing you, you literally cannot get away from it. I've played this game for about 2 hours straight offline on my laptop and I didn't find a single weapon. On the highest graphical setting the game it stull dull and lifeless, even for a zombie survival game. The $5 premium upgrade is pointless for the minimal amount of features it offers, I have to pay $5 because some server hosts don't want f2ps making their server look bad?Sorry but there are about a million other games almost identical to this yet somehow better. 3/10 Not even worth space on my hard drive.
I love this game because somehow the grinding doesn't feel so grindy. It's got a bucketload of charm and an even bigger bucketload of replay value!
