I bought this game and all i can say is that i don-'t regret it a bit. Even though it is one of -the older titles-, i must say, this RPG, based on the novels of Andrzej Sapkowski, has such an fascinating story in an close to reality world/society that got me from the start. It has very detailed points. Also the characters and the information avialable for all those creates such a powerful image and personality for the character you adress. The world you play in (called Temeria) is wonderful and rich in details. Overall i can say, the world in the witcher is just amazingly built by cd project red. On the downside you will also encounter some bugs or glitches. But i was so excited that i turned a blind eye over the twitching hair i had to deal with.
The idea of DayZ is creative and very complex. In this game you have players, zombies and the world itself. The world is nice, with nice forrests and beautiful sun effects, also nice water details. On the other hand, the DayZ player community is mostly utterly ♥♥♥♥. atleast more then 70% of the players consist of -bandits-, which kill you on sight from a distance and steal your backpack. I didnt meet many people who are really helpful and give you items. Now, to the issue which bothers me the most. Zombies are not really a problem, i mean they glitched around nearly a year but hey, this problem got fixed. So, the issue that bothers me is the very, very slow development of the game after more then a year. On the start they showed us a pay-method where you could save money if you buy it as an early access game, so that they get funds and develop it faster (that it reaches beta). But after more then a year we are still in alpha. Mayor updates introduce items they promised nearly a year ago. (Seriously?)and fix bugs players had for over 1/2 a year. It develops way to slow for the starting hype, so there is no wonder they lose more and more players after a year. If you want to decrease the complaint and rise the player-rate like it used to be, try to make this game more entertaining and mainly, try to develop it faster.
It is simply... addictive. i really like that in this game you have to solve the puzzles and you simply have no time to forget that you have to be stealthy
-It-'s really fun if you like to ♥♥♥♥ on everyone, do your chores and use cats as silencer.- 10/10 - IGN
This game has something that games today don't really have anymore - difficulty and a story within a very deep fictional universe. The Story is very complex and has various aspects with shady characters, who make a mysterious impression but yet, a very interesting one aswell.In the beginning you will have your difficulties (not just with the enemies) but with the controls. And you definitly should watch the recommendation of the xbox controller, it's a must have, otherwise you can forget it. After solving that mystery with the controls, you will have to deal with the fighting system and the enemies, but if you are interested you will learn that too very fast. I can really recommend this game, it has a fascinating story, interesting characters, good graphics and very good controls.
