Helga that -thing- scares me.
There isn't anything wrong with this game.
I am in the middle with this game( Don't get me wrong I love it but so many flaws) on this game I mean it's a tremendously welcome game for pretty much anyone. But Turtle Rock Studios screwed us over with this game if you look down you can't see your lower body and there isn't any servers that aren't modded in any God forsaken way and don't get me started with the community all they ever  do is kick me for having a vocalizer or if I screw up once in versus. And then there is the L4D1 map ports I would love to be able to see the melee weapon on the L4D1 characters(Without mods) but no I guess they magically float in your intestine. And then there is the person that thinks it's a good idea to team kill everyone. So here's my vote 10/10 if your playing with friends. 1/10 if your playing with people who just got this game,teamkillers,or randoms.
Ok let me tell you TF2 in a nutshell. Trade,trade,trade get killed kill someone look at a new hat. Buy that new hat for 7 U.S.D. Get scammed. Report it to valve, valve does nothing. Buy all your items back for 100+ dollars. Never trade to real humans again. And then the community(Who doesn-'t love the community?) acts like this -HATS HATS HATS OOOOOOH AN UNUSUAL- for God-'s sake it-'s a hat that has a horribly rendered effect flying all around it and it is magically worth $80 dollars or the golden pan worth 5,000. Gaben I-'ll give you this nice way to turn a magnificent game into a hat simulator. I mean this game is like shooting fish in a barrel except the fish is 100$ bills and the barrel is your hands. You may argue you have more than 1,000 hours into TF2 .Well guess what it-'s a REALLY fun game on pubs but the community has turned this game into a money pot.
(People wanted a more serious review so)I know I haven't played any CS game long.Also I don't really like any of them.But this game just leaves a rotten taste in my mouth with the weapon skins.It just feels like a cash in(same as Treyarch and Infinity Ward/Activision)I also know they have no gameplay impact besides the occasional low frames on lower quality computers.But it's really just tf2 except guns are actually worth something.
All you basically have to do is go buy GMOD and get every Half life game in a nutshell.But I mean it's kinda good.(Srs note) Amazing game.Although I'd say HL1/Black MesaSource is better,but this game is just simply put the best game I've ever played.
This is honestly better than Black Mesa Source in my opinion. Same goes with 2033. Two amazing games that are story driven, somewhat stick with the plot of the book, and are overall amazing examples of what some games strive to be.
