I got this with the bundle of Worms (tm) games a while back - after a bit of research it turns out it's made by Ubisoft for multiple platforms back in the early 2000's (Don't believe the time on record that steam provides, as I managed to find an original copy for the Gamecube recently. I regret that).This really shows - many Ubisoft games that used lisenced franchises like Disney or other big names at the time often had significanly lower quality in-comparison to their own IP's while also putting a 'spin' on whatever popular game mechanics were being used for these 'outsourced' titles (I.e. a Donald Duck themed Crash Bandicoot with a modified health system ran poorly and is easily beaten by the 3D Rayman titles).Ubisoft's 'spin' this time is the momentum of your movement being mixed with Worms (tm) weapons to create a clunky puzzle game that has the main difficulty being setting up your 'answer' to the challenges that it provides instead of the actual puzzles themselves.Also, Worms games don't even allow users to move when aiming - it feels counter-intuitive to the original franchise too.Not reccommended unless the clunky-2000's style appeals to your rose-tinted nostalgia glasses.
Update:It's dead. Thanks devs.Oh, and Sony too. :PI paid for the most expensive starter pack - I'm regretting that now.Old Review:A mixture of the old-style movement system that seems to be quite the rarity with games like COD and the like (that have a cover system) taking up the charts. It's 3rd person perspective hit the sweet-spot for me, as the extra field-of-view lets you notice those sneaky remote-control rockets before they kick you in the butt, and it definitly suits the movement system that expects you to know about your surroundings that could change in an instant from your opponent's ever changing weapons (Example: Noob: Hey, that timed insta-kill sticky wasn't there befo- BOOM!). On the topic of changeable weapons, it certainly allows a lot of freedom (that, unfortunatly people dont understand), as you can break the conventional weapon type (speedy bouncing lazer-pointed tunneling rockets anyone?) that most other games seem to stick to like it's the law. Balancing may be an issue right now, but the devs sure are active with their constant streams about upcoming features and community requests about new features and statistic adjustments (like the currently OP shield getting a mix up, possibly making it even more OP  depending  on how well you use it) and although the game's personality may be a bit like XBox Live's, the community in general seems to be pretty good (although I will admit that quite a few people don't yet understand what the F7 button does as they complain about glitches/hacks/hackusations: if you didn't know what it does, it creates a report for the devs to look at with extra information supplied by you, and it's the same button as plenty of other games like TF2). Hooked on it right now.
