Better than the Forgotten Expansion in general.+ Balanced new civs, within fairly reasonable historical context+ Added unit/technology to open up Siege, Defence and Naval battles+ New campaigns for the history/story-inclined players- Bugs, crashes and lag associated with new patch and expansion that are yet to be resolved at the time of writing- Generally underwhelming new game mode and maps- Possible problem with running on Windows 7
'Stop right there, criminal scum!'That line alone is worth the GOTY tag.On a serious note, this is a stand-out game of its age, much like its predecessor TES III: Morrowind. It is an essential game for any fans of open-world RPG. It has endless replay potential through the use of mods, so try and make use of them!
Given all the trailers and hype in the months leading up to the release, you could be forgiven if you thought that this is finally the year for PES to usurp FIFA for the crown of football games on PC. Konami missed a clear 1-on-1 situation and it was not even close.There are merits to this game; I think it is the best PES game on PC since PES 6. The monthly stats reports in Master League and the added features of fluid formations and tactics are reminiscent of Football Manager and do add some level of authenticity to the game.The on-the-ball player movement, the timing for passes and tackles, manual aiming and the actual dynamics of the ball in different situations are much improved compared to previous incarnations of the series, and arguably, better than that of FIFA 16. As such the gameplay of PES 2016 is also more challenging and tactical than FIFA 16 (by comparison of Superstar and Legendary).But there are a number of glaring problems that undermine most of what is good about the game. The most prominent problem is the UI, which is an eye-sore, but the graphics are equally appaling. The fact that the PC graphics isn't anywhere close to what had been shown in previews is deceptive and incredibly offensive from Konami.Online play is plagued with lag, long waiting time and poor eventual matchmaking.The previous addition of MyClub serves no purpose other than as a rival FUT, it lacks originality; they have made some changes this year but the connection to their server is too unstable, the mechanics and gameplay depth are also lagging behind that of FUT.Roster updates are not being done promptly enough and offline capability is lacking, which is a big negative when things in this genre is about authenticity.Some aspects of the actual football game are short of what is expected, in particular, the leniency of referees to some outrageous tackles, the inability for GK to catch or deal with set pieces, the over-aggressive defensive plays and the frequent, significant fluctuation of player form in the space of days.Team kits, team names, team crests, player names, league names...it’s one thing to have UCL and UEL license, but not having the others really affected the game’s authenticity. You can argue that EA lacked certain licensing as well, but at least they have worked hard to present appealing substitutes to the gamers and have also worked in other areas to compensate for their inadequacies. I cannot say the same for the case of Konami and PES.PES 2016 is still a quintessential PES game, good mostly in terms of player-tactics and on-the-ball dynamics. If you are a PES-exclusive player, this is certainly an improvement from last year’s game. If you are a FIFA-exclusive player wondering what the PES hype was about, the answer is ‘nothing noteworthy’. If you are still undecided or are a newbie to the football game sub-genre, I would wholeheartedly recommend against buying PES 2016.tl;dr: FIFA is still King of the football games for PC.
A great MMO with an Elder Scrolls theme. The standard MMO features are present, but with the kind of questlines, characterisation and graphics one would expect from any TES games. There are plenty of quests to do across Tamriel and Coldharbour, along with areas to explore, things to kill and decisions to make. But it's the PvP and the end-game PvE where the game really starts to shine.I have a 60 day sorc, 20 day dk and others, on top of whatever amount of game time I have spent through Steam (mostly PTS). This game can be very addicting, be warned.The impending re-launch of the game on 16th March and the change in its payment model represents an excellent opportunity to new players to join and see for themselves why it has been such an underrated and misunderstood game.
Ahh Morrowind is so close to home. You play as The Nerevarine as prophesied to defeat the Dagoth Ur, who have tapped into the power of an artefact known as the Heart of Lorkhan in a bid to exert control over the inhabitants of Morrowind. This game is set predominantly on the island of Vvardenfell, just off the coast of Stonefall, in northern Morrowind.Any hardcore Elder Scrolls fan would instantly feel at home with the rich characterisation, role-playing elements, visual details, soundtrack and the quintessential open-world environment. It is still the best of all the Elder Scrolls games, because of the magnitude of the game for its time and the back-to-basics approach in role-playing - tremendous storyline, realistic characterisation, interaction and progression.There are weaknesses to this game however, the UI is not particularly helpful to meta-gamers (c.f. Oblivion min-maxing), the journal system whilst improved in the expansion, is still rather cumbersome to navigate, the inherent 'block' in combat can be difficult to get used to for some, as is the one-mouse-button attack and finally the graphics - this is a 2002 game, but thankfully the modding community has made graphic enhancement addons that could be easily installed and used with the game.Overall, this game is a gem.
This game confronts the player with the harsh realities of war. The player plays from the perspective of a group of civilians in a fictional war-torn city, trying all that they can to survive in the difficult circumstances, holding on until 'the end'.There is a mixture of assertive and reactive elements (due to RNG) to this game, there is also a sufficient number of avenues for players to explore within. The 2D layout and the arcade-styled movement within makes it quite engaging.This game does however, suffer from the lack of significant replayability after two to three successful playthroughs.Nonetheless, it provides a poignant reminder of the effects of war, especially relevant to the Present day. A highly recommended game.
The ultimate open-world RPG with many hours of gameplay. It features highly detailed characters and realistic interactions, extensive skill tree and levelling system, carefully crafted quests with good balance between combat skills and wits; the dynamic world features amazing details of nature and the built environment. A 'must buy' if you have enjoyed previous Elder Scrolls titles; and a good buy if you are looking to get started in this series. The new legendary edition looks like a great buy because of the legendary difficulty and the additional option to do mounted combat and master all skills, being unavailable otherwise. However, full appreciation of the game requires computer with fairly good specs and a decent monitor. As per Elder Scrolls games, there are lots of glitches and bugs in the early stages of the game; although most have been fixed since, some still remain. But overall, being a Game of the Year is still an understatement.
Plethora of Excellence
AoE 3, the nostalgia.Third in the AoE series. This game offers a different gameplay style as compared to I and II. The possibility to have home shipments (which in part is predicated on the colonial era settlement) which could to a large extent alter the dynamics of a standard game, can make games very interesting.The usual strategies and min-maxing continues, as are build orders, resource management, positioning and all the other micro and macro management skills are still present.Players new to the game, coming from AoE 1 and/or 2 should be warned that it has a generally different graphical style and generally fosters a more dynamic and fastpaced playstyle.
10/10 for the wildlife.
