If you loved Far Cry 3 for it's gameplay you'll love Far Cry 3 Blood Dragon. It's a short throwback to the 80s with a ton of references that may have flown over my head, but others will certainly love. Definitely worth buying in the bundle with Call Of Juarez Gunslinger. The story is ok at best but it's still a solid Far Cry experience and I can't wait for Far Cry 4 Blood Dragon
Your son is sick because you couldn-'t afford heat last night. Now he needs medicine and today isn-'t looking any better. Then a man shows up. Something seems off about him, but hey, all his paperwork-'s in order. Then you remember: He-'s a murderer fleeing the country of his crime. The same murderer you have orders to detain. You reach for the button but wait, he puts something on the table. 10 Credits. Heat for your family tonight. Money you desperately need. A man who deserves death. What do you do?Papers, Please will see you having to make many similar moral choices such as this one and having to decide what-'s important. A lady wants to visit her son for the first time in years but her Passport expired. A man bribed you to let someone in but they have faulty credentials. Oh and that Kolechian you let in? She was a suicide bomber and just killed 3 guards. Now there-'s going to be a security revamp tomorrow. ♥♥♥♥ that man-'s photo was fake. Guess that-'s a penalty on your ever dwindling budget. And to top it all off, someone-'s just put a bomb on your deskThis is easily one of the best games this year. With it-'s themes of Communism and trying to pronounce -Arstotzka- in your best Easten-European and 20 possible endings, Papers, Please has never made paperwork so fun. Consider it the Ace Attorney of paperwork games and a hidden gem on the Steam Store.9/10
A very emotional 5-6 minutes of gameplay that, as basic as it is, is a great example of short-story telling in games, which I think we should see more of.
Long story short: an essential for ANYONE with a Steam Account
Fought a horde of zombies with a 6 pack of cola 10/10
I don't even own PayDay 2 10/10 wish I could play
♥♥♥♥ing amazing short storytelling in games and I have to recommend it for that alone. Yeah it ties into Season 2 but in a farily ♥♥♥♥ way that will leave you dissapointed so maybe pick it up on sale.Still play just for the effectiveness of the short storytelling
