Despite downranking the DLC, I personally love the classes and the new items for the preexisting ones. But, for starters, 8$ for a DLC this small is, unless you really like the game, NOT worth it. And the DLC only items for the other classes? That's a punch in the stomach for people who paid 20$ for a game with few classes and even fewer choices and variety for each one. Not to mention that the parachute has become a cancer on the Zombies mode. Final thoughts and suggestions? As said above, unless you really like the game and want more to it, DON'T buy the Hurt + Heal Pack. This small amount of content, which only seems like a lot because of the lack of content in the BASE 20$ GAME, is not worth 8$ and you will only regret buying it later on. If you really want the DLC, wait until it goes on sale. If ever.
(Anyone not interested in backstory, skip to next paragraph) Well... I have a lot to say about this game. Two years ago, as a person who was sick of all the physics builders where you build something extremely fragile and watch it crash into a wall and explode, I was looking for something new and different. One day, I turned Steam on, and in the daily feed that always pops up, I saw a new game had just been released on Steam called Robocraft. Immediately interested, I downloaded the game and found myself in literally exactly what I had been looking for ever since I first discovered Minecraft, a battle arena game where you build your contestants literally from scratch. The devs actively published new updates that improved the game, and for a good year, Robocraft was the best - and only - game I ever routinely played. A lot has changed since then.-The devs released this game with the intentions of keeping it as not only a free-to-play (F2P) game, but a free to win game as well, one where nothing that actually altered the gameplay would be locked behind paywalls. This is one of the issues I would like to talk about. The old system had you earning a certain amount of RP, the currency previously used, that you could spend on pretty much anything except for cosmetic parts, which didn-'t affect gameplay at all. You earned a decent amount from playing, and each day, all of your bots in each garage (before, you started with 3 garages and had to pay for more) would have a 2x multiplier on your score from your first victory each day with each bot. This system allowed you to get what you wanted when you wanted it. Now, with the crate drop system, your hard earned winnings are completely randomized. One day you could get essentially nothing, the next you could get the rarest items in crate after crate. This system has more or less been fine with the endgame players and beginners, but the -middle class- of players - those who had been playing for a little while and were working their way up - got hit hard. You need a tank track to finally complete that bot, but don-'t have enough Robits to forge one? Too bad, you got a hover blade or some cubes. That-'s not even mentioning the horrible, and broken, economy (check the subreddit, one of my friends posted an explanation on how the system is broken).-The roboshop has also ruined the game. Once, if you wanted a great bot, you had to make it yourself or at least build it from the ground up with a guide, both of which taught you a lot on how to build a robot. But now, you can buy an overpowered bot from the shop without lifting a finger. This massively destroys the whole feel of the game, as you aren-'t forced to learn how to make a bot better, cause if it isn-'t, you can just dismantle it and buy a new one.-Finally, the devs aren-'t listening to their community. They claim that the game is forged from the community-'s feedback, but if it was, Epic Loot wouldn-'t exist, or at least would be made with a much better economy. If you don-'t get what you want from a crate, you can simply reforge it! ...or so was the idea. Let-'s use a legendary as example. To buy a Mega SMG, it costs 125,000 Robits. To sell one, on the other hand, you would only get 31,250. Meaning it would take you 4 mega SMG-'s, among the hardest items to randomly get in the game, to make 1. What kind of economy is that?!-TL;DR: Robocraft used to be good. The tiers more or less worked, at least better than it does now, we didn-'t have or even want some of the items we do now, and the economy is not only bad, but also broken. The devs need to start listening to their community and bending the game to how the players want to play. My advice? Wait. Don-'t get the game as it is now, and see if the devs finally change it to be fun as it used to be.
Ok... First off, I would like to point out that I am using a 1200$ custom computer I had built, so I had more control over the specs than others who are writing reviews. Second, said computer meets and exceeds (slightly) the minimum requirements for the game to run. And oh how smoothly it does. The main problem with people writing reviews in the middle of development and patches, is that a review is made trashing on the game for problems, is upvoted to the top so everyone sees it, then a few days later a patch comes out fixing most of the problems listed. Another problem is people don't actually know what they are doing, and buy the game using a computer not powerful enough to run it. Hence, the refund feature.For me, using a computer that just barely meets the minimum specs, and having played it on Xbox One, which was decent at the best of times, this game runs smooth as a dream. With many problems and bugs fixed, I can run it with my OK desktop at easily 60FPS with medium settings enabled, and even then it still looks absolutely gorgeous. For a stress test, I downloaded a mod allowing bottomless clip, and nuked the ♥♥♥♥ out of a base. No lag or issues whatsoever. The only problem I have about this game, and I dont say that about every game, is that the control scheme, when put into context with other PC games, is really weird. I would recommend taking about 10 minutes to reconfigure it.All in all, this game is amazing, and the mod fanbase looks really promising. Just, make sure that your computer meets the MINIMUM specs for the game, and if it doesnt, ask for a refund. simple as that. Enjoy.
Amazing game. It is extremely smart in how it all runs smoothly together, and it works well to make it that much easier to run a prison. THere are many useful features, such as planning, which lets you design rooms without building anything, cloning, especially useful for cell blocks, allows you to duplicate a room with everything except utilities, such as pipes and electrical wires, included. The game has advanced since I last played it, and it is still addictingly fun even after the year-long break I had of not playing it. Would recommend to anyone who enjoys watching things come together and games of the sort.
A regular day in besiege:CRAP! ALMOST NO LEVELS!LETS BUILD SOME S**Toeh noes... it didnt work... :(REVISING TIME!EPIC BUILDING MONTAGE!Add a block... Wheels... More blocks... Wheels... Cannons... Wait, cannons?! >:DKILL SOME BUILDINGS!NEW LEVEL!wait.... i need to build a steering machine... REVISION TIME!MINES SENT ME TO SPACE!YEEEEE IT WORKED!*discovers the weapons section*Things just got interesting!HOLY CRAP, KANGAROO SOLDIERS!MURDER! DEATH! EXPLOSIONS! MY MACHINE SELF DESTRUCTED!Was that subtle enough for you?
