BEST. FREE. GAME. EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!! (sorry TF2 i'm just not a hugh fan of shooters at the moment)This game has the best of visual novels AND tactical stratigy games! AND ITS FREE!(A free non-mmo game that doesnt suck and doesnt make you creat 10 different acounts before you play.....FINALY! SOMONE HAS SOME SENSE!!)
Ok before I get into the review, I have to say this; the initial release of the game was really upsetting, BUT loveinspace listened to their fans and quickly updated the game with more content and better story. You have to give them credit for caring.The initial release was awfull, but I'm happy to say they fixed it up nicely. The Sunrider series is one of my favourites and this continuation gets my hyped for the next installment. If you havn't played the original Sunrider: Mask of Arcadius then I highly recomend it, it's free on steam!PROS:-Great Graphics, impovement over MoA-Great Vocals, can toggle between english and japanese-One of my favourite strategic combat systems, vary occasionally crashes when combat starts but it always offers a quicksave just before combat. And lets face it; if you don't save before combat then anything that happens afterwards is your own fault.-Great Sci-Fi story, PLAY MoA FIRST!-Your spaceship is a badass cross between a space-battleship and a space-aircraft carrier, only the aircraft are giant robots. On top of that, the entire ship is basically a giant space laser cannon of death. It's like the death-star laser, only on a ship not a metal moon.-Foreshadows an AMAZING sequel.-You get closer to the pilots in this game, theres more cooperative character development and the devs have confirmed we will get different romantic routes in future installments.CONS-Kinda short for 25 bucks, MoA is completely free and still longer than this, It's worth it if you really like this series though.-No routes yet. (confirmed in future installments however)-Vary occasionally crashes when combat starts but it always offers a quicksave just before combat. And lets face it; if you don't save before combat then anything that happens afterwards is your own fault.Note:Something everyone was complaining about, despite clearly having a harem you are forced into a (TEMPORARY) romantic relationship with Chigara. Now I don't DISLIKE her, I doubt anyone does, BUT I have no romantic fealing towards her whatsoever. PLEASE NOTE: The devs have said that we WILL get to choose the route we want! We will NOT be locked into a perminent relationship with Chigara, but I assume it's still available if anyones into loli. Wasn't sure where to put this, it started as a CON, but turned into kind of a PRO, it's good to know that the devs have basically said we WILL get the ending we want.Another note:There was originally way more CONS, but I feel the V2.0 update fixed them! YAY!Conclusion:You need to understand that I wouldn't have recommended this game when it was first released, there was less content, and various other annoying things, but loveinspace listened to their fans and put in the effort to make the game better, thats an amazing thing to be able to say about the developers. They released V2.0 and I played through it again, and I can honestly say that my opinion has changed after greatly enjoying it. Also keep in mind that some reviews you may read were written before the V2.0 update, I urge you to give V2.0 reviews priority over V1.0 reviews.If you enjoyed MoA, then you will enjoy Liberation Day, it's a bit pricey but if you can afford it and liked MoA then please consider buying it.If you havn't played MoA, then download it right now, it's free, on steam, and everyone loves it.
I love this game SO MUCH! If you like anime, this game has one and it-'s pretty damn good. The anime is based of the original game (notice the -Re;Birth-) which was like the original final fantasy games, classic RPG you know?Imagine that real life was fiction and fantasy (kinda of a boring fantasy if you ask me) and video games were reality. That is basicly the Hyperdimension world. There are 4 lands each watched over by a CPU (computer patron unit I think), these are also refered to as -Godesses- and yes, anime+goddESS(Female)=attractive women.Oh and when I say video games are reality I don-'t mean Kratos is going to come out of nowhere and stick your head on a pike. It constantly makes refrences to games and game terms, there is a monster named -Terits- which is similar to -Tetris- and it actually is a bunch of block that keep changing shape.I love this game, I really do. If you like anime, then this is TOTALY your game.Over 9000/10Now im off to buy ALL of the sequels, prequels, spin-offs, etc.
Great gameplay, great story (especially if you get the -true end-), great characters.Would recomend for strategy lovers, anime lovers.
This game has given me so many hours of fun and i'm still not bored (AND I NEVER WILL BE)The people who made this game are oficialy awesome!
Dishonored is a dark game. AND I LOVE IT! This is pobobly my favourite stealth/assasin game. You don't even need to use stealth if you don't want to, thats why you can get the ability to SUMMON A SWARM OF PLAGUE RATS THAT JUMP ON YOUR ENIMIES AND RIP THEM TO THE BONE IN SECONDS.There are so many different ways to complete the missions, be so stealthy that nobody ever see's you, carve through anyone and eveyone in your way, or mix them up and be stealthy until you reach the target. All this and more.You are Corvo Attano, and you have been Dishonored.remember this; Revenge solves everything.
The prequel to Agarest: generations of war. I never finished this one cause there is no option to change difficulty level and OMG ITS HARD. The first game has 5 generations, this one only has 2 but ive spent so much more time on this one grinding. It's fine at the start but in the late game every battle turns into what feels like I'm fighting a final boss on nightmare mode....with a team of twigs.....inanimate, normal, decomposing twigs.I still enjoyed this game though, like the first one I recomend it to people who love anime and strategy.I chalenge YOU! You think your try-hard enough to complete this game?FINISH IT THEN! GO ON! I DARE YOU!!!!!!
If you like strategy/4X games then you will like CIV V
