First off, let me just mention that I loved Terraria back when it was released. A two-dimensional minecraft with tons more unique creatures and biomes, not to mention unique bosses for different sections of the world.Now we see this beautiful casual gaming masterpiece we know as Starbound; much like Terraria, but on a much, MUCH larger scale. It may not have as many pre-designed creatures, and the procedurally generated ones may not be much to talk about either, but when combined with the variation of the different worlds' landscapes and scenery, procedurally generated or not, they fit in very nicely with the worlds around you. There are many more block types, most of which share a theme with other blocks. If put together correctly, you could even create a style completely different from that of the rest of the game. The bosses are okay. In a way, they feel like your average boss in Terraria; quite tough when you get to it, possibly even inspiring during your first time fighting it, but once you beat them once, it's like riding a bicycle.And although the gameplay is solid, addictive, and most importantly FUN, I will admit that what really caught my attention when I started playing this game was the character customization, whether it be via the character creator, cosmetic items found in-game, or a combination of the two. And this leads in to another topic of discussion: roleplay. I'm quite into it, and believe me when I say that this game is bursting with potential in terms of roleplay. The game has a linear storyline with non-linear gameplay, allowing the player to complete the game at their own pace, or simply choose not to complete the game at all. With this in mind, the player may choose to complete the game in order to get it out of the way or simply not do anything and stop tracking Esther's quests if that furthers their concentration on whatever activities they may be pursuing, such as roleplay, building a colony, exploring, or any combination of those.Now if you'll excuse me, I have an appointment to kick Big Ape's @$$ in about half an hour, so enjoy the game and its future updates. This game is definitely recommended by me and earns my seal of approval (which doesn't really mean much and is only meant to emphasise my fondness for this game)
