This isn't fun at all.Unless you like playing with people from Russia and like not knowing anything thats going on. But, I was fortunate to get this game when it was free for a day or so. But I would definetly NOT pay $10 for it.
So many possibilities...Just too good and hours of endless stupidity and fun :)
LEGO Marvel Superheores is a great game. I really like this game, and recommend it to anyone that likes Lego and Marvel. Has a huge range of characters and has a large free-roam area to do what ever you want in. the only problem, only two boats, but that's not a big deal. The game can be a bit glitchly at times but keeps you entertained for hours. When i mean glitchy, i mean real glitchy. I found this glitch with Thor, where i turned into the citizen? And i found two spots where i could go under the city and onto the islands in the background? I also was on the other side of the bridge, where i couldn't go. What?When they say there are a lot of characters, they are correct, because there are something like over 100 playable, and thats without the DLC. The DLC was pretty good, giving you extra vehicles and characters, but most of their abilities were the same as other characters, so i recommend waiting until they are on special as they are not worth their full price. The steam achievments are also good and provide something else to do in the free-roam city. Just a warning, there are cheat codes, but the one for the hulkbuster prevents you from getting 100%, so i don't recommend using them.There are a lot of bonus levels, which some give a good laugh. Suitable for all ages, even little kittens. Score 9.5/10
Very, very good in-depth game.There is lots to think about and consider especially when everyone else around you reaches the modern era and you haven't yet XDPlus, I really like the fact you can customize your map and technology discovery time.I highly reccommend this game!
This game is sooooooooo fun and plainly stupid. I loved running around like a mainiac shooting and killing people. It was so satisfying. It has around seven characters, which i think are only in this version of Broforce and they are badass. The only problem i had with this game, was it's length, it was really short, which dissapointed me a lot, but at least there is a free version of Broforce for you. I found the last boss level, quite challenging, but to anyone was has played Broforce, it will be easy for them. A great game for everyone.Score: 7/10
This game is amazing, although the story is a bit short, but that is made up in free-roam around Gotham city. You can drive in and out of the Batcave in free roam, as well as the the enterance for the Batboat and Batwing. I love everything except a couple annoying little things. It is always night and raining. This is exactly how i thought Gotham would look, but it gets a little annoying after a while. LEGO needed to make a daytime option for the game. The flying controls are a little frustrating, but i found myself not flying that much. There aren't a huge amount of characters, but you just have to make do with what you get. Green Lantern was the most dissappointing as you can't make anything with his ring, except for certain points in levels. And once you complete the game, there are some constructs that you can make that stretch all over Gotham. I found this really annoying as when you were driving you would have to doge them as it would sometimes flip your car/bike. One of the most annoying problems was that there were no steam achievements, so once you fully completed the game, there were no steam achevements to do. It sounds like this game is really bad, but i just pointed out the main problems with it, everything else is great.I highly recommend this game.Score: 8.5/10
