I honestly have no idea why people are butthurting about this game. Personally, I have had almost no performance issues, and my PC is decent. The story is solid, the gameplay is brutal and it's so much fun. The only things I dislike are the turn timers and the short Avatar Project countdown. I wholly recommend buying this game.
Save games won't load. I paid $7.99 (it was on sale) for a game that take hundreds of hours to complete and my save games will not load. Don't buy it!
There is but one thing I can say: WTF!?Also, I hate Uplay.
This game sucks. It take FOR EVER to fly from point A to point B. Extremely BORING!
What is Insurgency, you ask? Hmmmm. Well I'll tell you: Extremely stressful.Better than CS:GO.Joined a game. Looked for everybody. Walked around for a bit. Walked around a corner, encountered someone. Was killed by friendly fire.10/10 Would play again
Let me just start off saying this is an amazing DLC. I love it a lot but that doesnt mean it doesnt have its flaws.This DLC, unlike lots of others out there, is not overpriced. It is pretty resonably priced. It is fun, people play it and it really simulates 19TH century warfare very well. But I do think it could do with a decent single player mode, rather than just custom battles, which I do not enjoy. I dont know maybe someones modded in one, but in the vanilla it doesnt.The DLC also has a large community. Many people play it. I just hate MMO titles that are amazing but have no publicity so no one plays them. Napoleonic Wars has many enjoyable gamemodes. My favourite is Team Deathmactch. There is also siege, where one team defends and trys to hold out for a set time and the other tries to capture it. Although, I have experienced a few crashes playing this gamemode, so I dont know whats up with that.I LOVE this DLC. It is well priced, has a good community and great gamemodes. I enjoy it and think everyone should buy it and its base game.NOTE: To those who say -I dont like it cos it has no single player and I didnt know- READ THE ♥♥♥♥ING TAGS BEFORE YOU BUY! IT DOES NOT SAY SINGLEPLAYER SO IT HAS NO SINGLEPLAYER! GAD!
This game is a mess. It was fun for a few hours, but after that is was REALLY boring. Unplayably boring. Do you know why? THE FIRST MISSION WAS IMPOSSIBLE FOR ME AND IT WAS WAY TO HARD FOR A FIRST MISSION. You have to level up in rank but you need, like 10,000 dollars to do it and it is extremely hard to trade without losing money. I'm either a hopeless trader or missing something.The tutorial was terrible, giving barely ANY insight intohow to trade proftably. Oh, sure the first trade you make was easy, but  after that you are thrown in the deep without knowing how to play and enjoy it while making a profit and making progress!All in all, this game is a piece of ♥♥♥♥! The DLC adds hardly anything, the first mission is impossible AND the tutorial offers NO help! At all! So I hate this game for this very reason. It SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
