Soma Is a Horror game by the creators of Amnesia. It is the first game that has made me question what it means to be human. Some of the decisions you make make you feel like a cold hearted monster like many of the enemys you face thoughout the game.This game goes very deep into your mind and picks at it. This game is an experience in itself that should be picked up and played. Great horror game, perfect length for a game with such a deep meaning.
A colourful and fun take on arcade jumpers with great music to listen to while you fly, hop and glide your way though this hard game
I have only played a couple hours and the games is so unbelievably good and brilliantly made. The combat and AI is great and the sence of achievement after beating your first commander makes you jump in your seat and go for a victory lap on another commanders planet before getting wiped out for not getting an army or making a stupid mistake. I would rate this game a 9/10
This game is AMAZING and keeps getting better the more you play. Every run is new and differant in its own little way. You could be scraping along barely by the skin of your teeth hoping for an item to help you win or become very powerful and lay waste to your foes. I can't recommend this game enough and especially if you have the first one. The hardness and progression scale nicely and the amout of new things you find over a run is fabulous. BUY THIS GAME!!
This game is great! Especially after those few starting hours getting into it. The gameplay keeps you interested my making you do something every second wether its crafting, killing animals for food or slaying a Gigantic boss, the game play stretches nicely over an hour if you make it that far.
This game is great for filling in those boring hours in your day. It gets addictive quickly and has TONS of differant upgrates and combonations. I highly recommend this game. Seeing it was made as a flash game it has done great for flashes limitations.
Everyone has to get this game! survival is the key but starving is one of the many ways to die on this evil island!
