While the game itself serves an interesting course of gameplay, I found it rather lacking in its variety. 5 Modes which are standard to most First Person Arena Shooters and a very, very small selection in weapon choice and pick-ups. No innovation to try and do anything different.In an old Quake-like game, it would be expected that one would have a multitude of weaponry for pick-ups, yet I've only encountered about 22 of being variations of 4 types of weapons. A rifle, crossbow, rocket launcher and melee weapon.Combat movement is another caveat to which I hold to this game's dilemna, that being the speed of the game. For a reactive and 'intense' gameplay, the characters did not feel particularly fast or agile, keep in mind they are wearing pantaloons however, but it should not affect the way the character feels to move.Art is defintely reasonable, and the characters are nice, though somewhat lacking in variety.. maybe I just don't know my Renaissance enough. Medici character was alright. Still it is nice a new flair amongst the old arena shooter games -- we have a lack of those at the moment with each new game trying to be a new Call of Duty or Battlefield.I would still reccomend Quake Live however, though this is still an alright choice for those who have never tried this genre of games before.
A criminally underrated game of its time. Psychonauts was one of the hidden gems of my gaming generation with massive potential that unfortunately will not be getting a sequel. While it's cartoony graphics style may hold up well for gaming, the cutscenes show its age. An untapped concept, this game is definitely one of a kind. At the moment.As a platformer, Psychonauts harkens back to my generation's version of platforming in a large detailed, explorable world, akin to that such as Banjo Kazooie and Donkey Kong 64. Each level is heavily stylised; from the controlled psyche of your teachers hiding a tragic memory, the colourful and creative mind of an artist consumed with ideas to the deranged, paranoid fantasies of a madmen/sleeper. Everything fits perfectly and everything is literally a mind-changing experience.The cast and range of characters are unique, even dark at some moments if analysed carefully. The children are all idiosyncratic in their personalities, the adults as well, in particular Ford Cruler, the serious Sasha Nein and hip-trendy Milla Vordello. The game feels alive with personality as you can talk and listen in to conversations with the other kids, watch as relationships are broken and made between friends and Razputin is an interesting and fun protagonist to see the game through. I do love Mikhail, Boyd, Fred, G-Men and Soleil.The details put into this game is staggering, perhaps outdoing those of any modern RPGs in terms of dialog and in-game interactivity, hacking the game reveals fully voiced responses to items and skills which would otherwise be not available at its time in the game. There's even an item that if continued with the story, is only held for about 5-10secs before it is lost forever, however, if used with people, reveals unique responses from the entire cast. And literally every item in the game has spoken dialogue.The game also works well with controller and I highly recommend it, as most platformers should be played with controllers on PC. I used my PS3 Dualshock with motionjoy.I definitely will encourage this game to anyone looking for an interesting and surely different gaming experience. Oh! Try everything on everyone, you'll be surprised! :DProps to Alan Blumenfeld (as Boyd, and the wonderful vocal inflexion in his verbal tic as the character), Tara Strong (as bloody usual =_=;) and André Sogliuzzo (for the amazing voice-acting of the two sides of a split personality of different nationalites.)
Not exactly the best first impression, but similarly to the Planetside 2 and Diablo 2, people could not log-in or connect on release day. Will re-write this when servers are working properly.
A most beautiful game, a hauntingly remarkable one at that.An original ip by Supergiant Games.Coupled with the story; the watermark art style, the in-game narration provided by Rucks (Logan Cunningham), and the marvellous guitar/industry soundtrack, this game is worthy of any gamer's attention. The lore is intriguing and the writing is very well thought out.There hasn't been any other game that utilises an in-game narration that comments on what you do in the game, nor has it ever been used as a story-telling technique. This game is pretty much the paragon of this idea if it were ever to be used again. Logan has also done narration for Dota 2 in the Bastion Announcer pack and I say it would be well within reason to buy it simply for his dedication - I've checked and it's about 30mins worth of lines for every situation in Dota 2.Don't do 'No-sweat Mode', it's pointless and the game already has an in-game difficulty changer through the use of God-shrines, each having a unique effect on AI behaviour. And the challenges in the game are definitely not easy.Favourite things: Spike on a Rail, Zia and Zulf's Theme both sung wonderfully and simply. Original ideas of level design and progression through an actual world that builds itself as you move around. Secrets are also well rewarding. There's even a special secret with a certain three-legged robot. Works perfectly with a controller - tight and responsive. Keyboard not really recommended for the fact it can get VERY hectic at certain levels and certain degrees of dexterity is needed not able to be provided by the keyboard.Motionjoy + Playstation 3 USB controller can be used in place of a XBOX360 controller.
As one of the players during its time as a subscription model , this was a enjoyable experience. In terms of graphical fidelity, this game has a beautiful backdrop and lighting effects and artstyle of somewhat cartoonish-look gives the models of both characters and monsters some justice and fits well. There are 4 races and nine classes to choose from and each does have an interesting style for each one, but some classes are locked for others and there is varying difficulty per class. Lore and narrative gameplay allows the player to actually meet many of the characters from the stories like; Strider, Gimli, Thorin Oakenshield and Gandalf the Grey before their demise or journey in Middle-Earth in the starting areas. The loading screens also give some additional lore to what happens as players transition between towns.I also love the music making system, from lutes, to harps.In terms of gameplay however, this game is a hotkey setup and does suffer from some odd pauses in combat.
A somewhat interesting game that has a unique idea on what it actually wants to do. THe game plays much like an old arcade game and does offer a large array of skills for players to use per class. The one caveat for this game I must stress is that the tutorial is really not well done per character and the way they do it is not very intuitive. Maining as a gunner, range combat is a slight bit odd at first and there is a bit of a problem regarding the 2D plane and where your attacks will actually hit, compared to the old beat-em-up arcade games of yore. The UI itself is rather obnoxious and does take up ALOT of the screen meaning some awareness is rathertaken away from trying to notice pixels at the corners of the screen at times. Combat is awkward at times due to the 6 button system of fighting, with three skills and three standard attack, jump.Other than that, its an enjoyable game with some good ol' Nexon MapleStory-like personality   and somewhat satisfying combat mechanics.
A very cute, little rogue-like MMO...RPG? XD. OK well, as a Touhou player, this game was quite the experience and a very fun game. Definitely worth a try and loads of fun.Leveling in this game is literally a fun grind and thou shalt be saddened with permadeath of characters when you fail. You will learn in this game that is is very skills based and will require you to track your character in a massive mess of sprites. Lag unfortunately can get you killed VERY EASILY in this game, especially in the Mad God Oryx's castle when the realm closes.Other than that, its fun for a drop-in and drop-out session. Mind you, getting gear in this game is VERY competitive and you really have to grab the loot quickly since it is free-for-all.I recommend for - ♥♥♥♥ trains.
A fast-paced, fast-acting and VERY team-orientated game that revolves around pushing lanes with a diverse range of characters. This game does enforce the idea of specialized characters known as 'pros' and they each play very specific roles in terms of composition of your team. Each comes with 3 special skills and weaponary, fitting the classes appropriately - for example, Combat Girl comes with a turret named Combat Kitty, a combat laser and a turret buff. Each character also comes with a unique grapple attack that is quite fun, especially if it involves throwing other players off the map. Commentators can get annoying at times.There is a very, and I mean VERY steep learning curve and unfortunately, the tutorial does not give it justice for what happens in actual matches. IT DOES NOT HOLD YOUR HAND. This may deter newer players and the commmunity may actually push that considering they do not take kindly to newer players, but, like all games, there are nicer people out there.
Quite fun, one of the better MMOFPS out there and has a fairly balanced store system that is not a Pay To Win model. Lots of customisation and reasonable stats for weapons, though the grinding for weapons to rent for a day/week is somewhat a breaker of the game's fluidity. Well, now that is has been released on Steam, I expect there to be a rather large influx of players coming in and hopefully this is better for its community.Unfortunately, this game has been victim to quite a number of hacks and is easily exploitable - perhaps Nexon's BlackCiph3r and Hackshield have updated since I last played but I do recommend a try of it.
