Early Alpha, very limited things you can build / do.People seem to just be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s just because there's nothing else to do.I managed to build everything possible and have a mount and there was just nothing else to do.
[NO SPOILERS IN THIS, DON-'T WORRY]7 hours later; Finished Bioshock Infinite: Burial at Sea Part 2.ABSOLUTELY what both Bioshock 2 and Part 1 should have been; Both story and gameplay wise. This time around you play as Elizabeth instead of Booker Dewitt. Though what you expect from the gameplay is not the same run and gun from Infinite and part 2.What you get instead is a very well done stealth encouraging game play, with the run and gunning optional, though discouraged. The stealth works exceptionally well and you are rewarded for using it to reach all areas of the game to unlock perks for plasmids (vigors?). Unfortunately I very early on found perks that SOMEWHAT broke the gameplay (the classic: 'WHO ARE YOU?- -go invisible- -Must-'ve been the wind!-). This could (I hope) be alleviated by playing on a higher difficulty. I guess 1999 mode would make the AI much more aware of your presence? I myself played on Medium, as I prefer to fell immersed in the story rather than struggle through the gameplay, but will definitely replay on a higher difficulty.The story both emphasises the enormity of what infinite introduced AND tried to repair what Part 1 had tried to tell us. Though strangely enough (??? How could it have possibly ???) Bioshock 2 does not tie in whatsoever. A lot of the plot from Bioshock 1 comes in to play in Part 2, very neatly tying a lot of the voice recordings remembered from Bioshock 1 in to the very fabric of the story of Infinite. It felt very much as though EVERYTHING that had occured in Bioshock 1 was written AFTER infinite, it just fits so perfectly.If you were needing to decide on a game to purchase (and if you haven-'t played Infinite and Burial at Sea Part 1 already... DO IT (though please don-'t assume part 2 will not be up to par as part 1 was)), the Bioshock Infinite game and its DLCs are definitely worth the purchase.tearjerker/10 would want to forget I had played this and play it forever.
