O Jogo é muito bom, além de estar totalmente localizado em português do brasil! A versão da Steam não possui a versão pt-br por algum motivo. Acesse o site da gamevicio para pegar o arquivo faltando no jogo versão steam: http://www.gamevicio.com/i/topicos/195/195998-deixar-o-spore-totalmente-em-portugues-steam-2014/
Don't get me wrong, the game is great! But I simply can't let these issues go by:Why I don't care about the F2P change:The game was dying, so they made it free to try to save their game. Am I ♥♥♥♥♥♥ off for losing 60 bucks? Yes, I am. But they had to do this or I would never have the chance to enjoy this game again. Also, the founders edition gives people who bought the game a lot of stuff, they also promised to make even more little things for the people who have been supporting them since the start. This means that us, founders, the people who really cared for this game, will continue to get more EXCLUSIVE itens. In short, the reason for this review isn't the F2P change, It's because  of the stupid ways they changed the game to please idiots who played 2 minutes of the game and started screaming ♥♥♥♥ about the it. *cof* *cof* AngryJoe *cof* *cof*. What they have ♥♥♥♥ed up:They made the dome a shared ability, something I do not agree with since it takes away a huge part of being a trapper and also discourages teamwork. Also, you can't miss. But that barely scraches the surface of the problem, they also added regenerative health and even though It's already way too fast, there are perks that can greetly speed it up. The medic only becomes useful during combat, which now It's the focus of the game. There's no such thing as stealth, there's only Planet Scanners every 30 seconds who force the monster to constantly run, actually he doesn't need to run, because he can teamwipe at stage 1. In fact, they should call this game Not Evolve. They also decreased the dropship time to a minute and a half, there goes one of EMET strengts. What they turned the game into:In short, they turned a game about Hunting into a Massive Monster Batteling Cluster♥♥♥♥, made Evolve not worth Evolving and destroyed teamwork. This game is BROKEN gameplaywise and they need to remove this friendly piece of ♥♥♥♥ mechanics that they decided to add. People who started playing now won't even notice, but we do, and if this doesn't get changed we will forever miss what Evolve used to be.PS: Where did all the maps and modes go?
Awesome game, horrible company (like Evolve).Microtransactions have been added to the game, even after the developers saying that they would never ever do it.These horrible greedy companies have been doing this for a while now, but Overkill got to a whole new ♥♥♥♥ing level! They gave us their word and then 3 years after they spit and throw this garbage at your face and tell you to eat it, hoping that you forgot their promise.I'll tell you what, if you're that type of idiot who buys Call Of Duty every year plus all the DLCs. Go ahead, get into this cluster♥♥♥♥. Whoever, if you have any brain cells left in your little head after being brainwashed by reading all the positive reviews, DON'T BUY THIS. Don't be a ♥♥♥, don't accept this right up your ♥♥♥.THIS IS A WARNING! If people accept this, it'll become acceptable like DLCs. What's next Overkill? Do you plan on becoming an EA division, because I'll tell you something. You're going on the right ♥♥♥♥ing direction!YOU DESERVE TO DIE, BECAUSE EVERYONE IN THIS ♥♥♥♥ING COMPANY ARE SIMPLY MONEY ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥S! Did I made my point? Well, I think I did. Get your refund before It's too late.
Amazing Game. Recommended!After playing Subnautica for a while, I noticed that the game is beautiful and extremely diverse for an Alpha. The game has problems, don't buy it unless you have a beast PC. The game is NOT optimized yet! FPS Drop is your best friend when loading parts of the map. The game is still in Alpha, think well before buying it! It has a lot of things to do for now, don't buy the game and get mad about it just because it's crashing and blablabla, It's Alpha and you've been warned several times.P.S: The developers of this game are amazing! Count on them to help you.
Ótimo game apesar de estar em Alpha, a diversão é garantida! O mundo é gigantesco, o jogo é muito involvente já que é extremamente realista! Os players também entram no clima e começam a ter cuidado com tudo e todos! cuidado com quem você conhece e anda, ele pode se virar contra você para conseguir os recursos que você tem... Ou ele simplesmente é um BANDIDO.
Para começar, GTA V é muito mais otimizado que o GTA IV, o único problema quando o assunto é otimização são algumas configurações que tendem a causar instabilidade no jogo, infelizmente a R* parece ignorar os fatos, mas espero que seja só impressão e que eles já tenham assumido os problemas para então prosseguir para conserta-lós. O jogo em si é muito divertido, o modo história dura várias horas e é bem divertido mesmo, mas o GTA Online dá vida ao jogo, é super divertido e deve render várias horas de pura diversão. PRINCIPALMENTE com amigos! Já existem vários mods para o jogo e os mesmos ficam cada vez mais complexos e melhores... Super RECOMENDADO!
O jogo possui varias modificaçoes interresantes e uma história divertida e ate que longa, o ponto mais negativo desse jogo e a pessima otimizaçao do jogo, ultrapassar os 60 fps até mesmo com as placas mais avançadas da ATI/NVIDIA e um desafio! recomendo esse jogo para quem tem paciencia em procurar solucoes para problemas que diviam ser consertados pela propria rockstar. GTA 4 e um jogo muito divertido, porem, mal otimizado e um port muito malfeito dos consoles... 7/10
