This game is fun when you play with friends, when you are playing by your self it does get boring after about 15 mins. i wouldn't recommend this game if you don't have any friends (not trying to be mean) but if you do i would recommend to tell a friend about it so you can play with each over
this game is awesome if you really want a cool shooter game where you get to put on hats and all sorts of stuff its for you.the down side is if you want to put hats on and all that crap it costs money. but thats only because its free. i will give it 8/10 because it would have been cool if evrything was free.
After playin this pimp game on a 4 hour plane trip i got god dam addicted this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t but somehoe it grasps my dong know a cake recipe that will make your life amazing.INGREDIENTS3 cups all-purpose flour, spooned and leveled2 teaspoons baking soda1 teaspoon salt1 1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon1 1/4 teaspoons ground cardamom1 cup (2 sticks) unsalted butter, room temperature2 cups packed light-brown sugar1/4 cup honey2 large eggs2 cups Basic Applesauce, or store-bought chunky applesauceNonstick cooking sprayConfectioners' sugar, optionalDIRECTIONSPreheat oven to 350 degrees. In a large bowl, whisk together flour, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, and cardamom. Set aside.In another bowl, with an electric mixer, beat butter, brown sugar, and honey until light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating until combined. With mixer on low speed, gradually add flour mixture; beat just until combined. Beat in applesauce.Generously coat a nonstick 9-inch tube pan with cooking spray. Spoon batter into pan; smooth top. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the middle comes out clean (but slightly wet), 50 to 60 minutes.Cool on a wire rack 10 minutes. Turn out of pan onto a cutting board or baking sheet; invert cake onto rack, top side up. Cool completely. Dust with confectioners' sugar before serving, if desired.
so cool almost at good at minecraft
it is the worst i wasted my money on this ♥♥♥♥ game thats a rip off of minecraft minecraft looks a lot better much rather cut my piness of then play this ♥♥♥♥ oh no i did play it
There game is fun heaps of fun. amazing game to joke with your friends....BUT really i know i have alot of hours on this game and i still want to play it but......HOLY ♥♥♥♥ DOES IT ♥♥♥♥ING CRASH ALOT. its got so many bugs YET FACEPUNCH DOESNT GIVE A ♥♥♥♥ THEY ♥♥♥♥ING WORK ON RUST MORE THEN GARRYS MOD... garrys mod crashes sometimes it cant ♥♥♥♥ing handle a certain amount of addons its so ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ every time im on a blog its because im trying to figure out how to fix garrys mod.GARRYS MOD CAN SUCK MY ♥♥♥♥ UNTIL ITS FIXED PIECE OF JUNCK!!!!!!!
this game is amazing it is so much fun know that u can get items faster. but the only problem i have with this game is that when your in a battle adn your game freezes and no ones moving to only thing u can do is exit out of the game but then when you go back into the a multiplayer game it says you have to wait 2 minutes when it wasnt your fault the internet crashed and veryone throse so know you are waisting your day trying to get into a server. but ather then that problem the game is super amazing. with all the cool robots people make the community is great. what i dont get is that you have to be 13 to play the game when you cant swear so the game has miner issues other than that the game is great.i would rate this game 6/10 jsut becuase of all the problems with the servers and the age. i know iam being harsh on a game that is early access but still hopefully they fix dat problem. DrGames - Youtube
this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing hard its not even fun the first car chase is already bluddy hard becuase the logic in the game is bad so you are shooting them but it doesnt think so god dammit. if i was you get the game but get the muliplayer version it is alot better then the achual game 3/10
AMAZING GAME if your not aloud GTA (Gran theft auto) this is the game its really fun on multiplayer i loVE THIS GAME!!!1000000000000000/10
