Fight as Counter-Terrorists and risk your lives to defuse a bomb that literally does not harm anyone if you are far away and does not cause any destruction to its surroundings.Fight as Terrorists and plant a bomb that you want to explode but it has a 45 second timer because Terrorists are too cheap to buy a bomb from T-Mart that has no timer.21/10Still really fun game m9s.
Became a big flying fat chicken and smacked a cop with popcorn. 420/10
If you've always wanted to live in the hood, get this game its really good. Its like living in the ghetto, its better than halo. You can go on a mass murdering spree, or just chill in a car hanging off a tree. Its really up to you, what you really want to do, I rate it 100/10, and ya'll know that its true.
Pootisbirds OP.
This game, is actually pretty fun to play. I don't even know why, but most of the reviews on this game have been negative.Real boxing, is a game where you can fight realistic CPUs in career, in places like Las Vegas, New York, Moscow and many others to unlock! Or, you can fight your friends, or some randoms in online. Another reason why this game is suitable for boxing fans, is because its like the only Boxing game on PC, or Steam.This game also provides blood, and scars on the face as you punch giving more realism to the game, the game does have some flaws, but I really recommend this game, unless you care about every little thing, then I wouldn't recommend.
Really awesome for anyone who like's big wars set back in around 1940's (WW2). It makes you feel like you served in the war lol...
After clearing some space on my computer, I was able to play without terrible fps lag, 30 fps is the max I can get, and my computer meets the reccomended.First off I would like to say it is a good and fun game, its really realistic with a lot more better animations from 2K14, when they fall, try to get up, its just all smooth and like how it would be in real life.But one problem, besides fps lag, the custimization in this is quite bad, or even terrible. Its custimization feature is nothing compared to 2K14, it has 1 nice new feature, but that would basically be it. In 2K14 you have alot more custimizations available, more masks/clothing. You can edit the face more, more hair/facial hair.But anyways thats not what the game is about, so I think this game is actually pretty good besides those exceptions, just one more feature which I think they shouldve added is the arena music effect they used in 2K14. It made you feel like you were there with all the echos, but yeah thats basically it, I would rate this 7 and a half outta 10.
