Gotta have this.. just like the blood pack for Shogun 2. Without this the game lacks realism.
 Disciples Sacred Lands and Disciples II .. are some of the best turned based strategy games out there to date and they are .. old.. almost as old as Tactics Ogre, FF tactics, or Kingdom Under Fire. Not a lot of game companies can completly screw themselves out of a winning formula.. but they did it.. boy did they do it. If you ever played Koudelka another turned based game also made in 1999. You will see how they flip flopped the entirety of the battle machanic to something less desirable than the 2 original games from 99 and 02. I personally considered the static grittiness and archaic battle system far greater than most others.  And where's my flags? The genius of simplicity in the originals far outweighed the more advanced or presentable offerings than most current turn based games at that time. However the Hex design is done quite well. Even better than most Heroes games. What really irks me is the way the combatants hit eachother.. and theres no blood and guts.. like it was in the old game. When the enemies struck eachother..  it almost felt as if you were being struck or shot or blasted.. this just has a very poor way of illustrating a strike to an enemies body compared to the old game. A Town a TOWN my kingdom FOR A TOWN .. where is it? .. i could barely stomache 15 minutes before quitting on the second mission. I'll just hold it down and play through it.. but wheres my towns?.. I guess that's the price we pay for such stunning graphics.. oh well.. I really hope this game series.. GOES BACK .. to the original design that won them praises from even the most hardcore turned based strategies.. guess I'll just go play Xcom.. or Massive Chalice.. or maybe even reload that old campaign from Disciples 1 or 2.
Another one of the best games ever made. Intuitive interface.. chair gripping missions where sometimes you just have to pull back and make it to the extraction zone to spare what you have left moments.
