Faster Than Light is a space exploration game where you and your crew are flying through space trying to escape any large force as you are infamous to both the Federation and Rebel forces. In your quest of escape you must command your crew and try and survive the many dangers ahead. Across the galaxy, you will collect scrap which is currency in this game. With scrap you can purchase upgrades for your ship, new systems like cloaking, more crew, drones and new weapons depending on what each store is selling. Overall, this game is a brilliant game that everyone should at least see! Plus the soundtrack is quite nice and the visuals are also charming!
Some people will look at this game for the first time and say something like 'Just another zombie game' or the occasional fanboy would yell 'C.O.D Black Ops ripoff!!!!' but this game is not something like that. This game is not just a zombie game, but an action adventure game too. The characters you play as are very memorable and you will more than likely grow to like them by the end of their group's respective stories. Which brings me to happily say that the Left 4 Dead characters are back in this installment with their campaigns remade which could potentially bring a new feeling when playing those levels depending on how you look at it. The new characters sport their own set of campaigns that are also extremely fun. The amount of different weapons might be underwhelming if you are a big player of TF2 or Loadout, but I think in this kind of game that's ok because we don't need heaps and heaps and heaps of weapons. I also love how many different game modes there are in this game, ranging from a versus mode where you play as the infected one round and the survivours the next, Realism when you play in a real apocolypse-type setting, and the many (MANY) Mutation modes which tweak the normal, campaign gameplay. The soundtrack, I personnally don't think is too good, but, without a doubt, the music mods on the Workshop are just AMAZING! This game comes with a fully-working Steam Workshop that can range from HUD mods, all the way to changing the music of the jukeboxes. This is without a doubt, awesome and DEFINATELY worth 10-15 mins of searching through and going on a mod-binge. I can safely say that this is my favourite zombie game I've played ever!
'This be brilliant! Although I've spent only a matter of hours playing this cartoony, first person shooter,I've already deemed it to be my fav fps non puzzle game I've ever played! It has an outstanding online multiplayer, cool cartroony visuals and a greaty community! I suggest you go on the store and download this free to play, non catch game now!'I made this review aboout 11 months ago when I had only about 7 hours of experience, so I think I should update that now I'm almost at the 1000 milestone. This first-person-shooter looks like (from what I could tell) recieved quite a bit of hype with all the trailers and pictures uploaded onto the internet before release, which doesn't really change how the game will turn out but hype is generally a good thing. Before I got this game however, two years ago, my friend Qwertycoxy introduced it to me, and my thoughts were generally positive, but I really wasn't sure what I was doing exactly or the character's different attributes so I left thinking 'That was alright, but I would want more practice on it before I make a judgement' When I downloaded this game back in Feb 2013, I had little experience with the FPS genre so going into this was like trying something new while knowing the basics of it before hand. As months went on, I really got into things and I really started to enjoy the game as a whole. I began to learn the pricing systems which would later help me out quite a bit and my friend Ham introduced me to all these different fan-made game modes and even little minigames in those game-modes. Eventually I managed to unbox an Unusual which is without a doubt my highlight of the game so far. Anyway, the simpleness in the characters' abilities and the like really can be welcoming to new players and the like. I absolutely love the soundtrack to this game even though most tracks are only really featured in Valve-made Source Film Maker videos. I also adore the humour in item descriptions (official ones not so much the ones with a description tag used on) and the items themselves! These items really have their charm and I have to congratulate the community items that have made it into the game. I believe that this is a FANTASTIC game in every way possible (except the sparys but thats not just a TF2 problem) and I hope to still get hours of enjoyment out of it with all my friends!
