This game is absolutely amazing. It incorporates such simple dynamics and just makes them fresh and fun as all hell. It's literally just a giant, pink, glowing, alien shooting, rage fest. And a damn good one too. Gameplay: One moment you will be strolling around looking for upgrades dropped by that weird VTOL type Police thing, and the next you will be running as fast as you ♥♥♥♥ing can right back where you came from shooting the ♥♥♥♥ out of hordes and hordes and aliens with your upgraded plasma gun. So yeah, gameplay wise, this game is the ♥♥♥♥. The only complaint I have is that on Countryside, things get way too crammed and it kinda ruins that run and gun experience, but every other map is pretty damn solid.Sound: The sound design is pretty good. The creepy, glitchy, alien music sets the intense yet stylish mood right from the get-go. The aliens make these weird sounds all unique to each type, which makes it all the more awesome yet terrifying when you hear certain ones coming your way.Weapons: The weapons are awesome. Hands down great. They each have their own unique style of gameplay and make for a unique experience each time. The pistol seems to be the only weapon which just isn't worth investing your hard earned cash in, but oh well. Each weapon can be upgraded 3 times, and they all have different prices based on I suppose the develepors view of their awesomeness and worth (which means the rocket launcher is obviously gonna be the most expensive, even though I prefer the plasma gun myself). I wish they would add some more weapons, and maybe change their designs which are pretty bland at the moment, but otherwise they are top notch.Maps: Before I did complain about one map, Countryside which just really seems to be too squished compared to the other maps I've played so far, but that's about all of the negatives for the maps. They are relatively well spaced out, and while they are challenging enough to manuever around, they are also fair and give you chances to escape the alien horde at almost every turn, albeit only just alive that is. Other: With developers that constantly change and add things to the game, this game will always feel new and fresh every time you come back to play it. I haven't really played much multiplayer at the moment, so I can't really give my view on that, but one thing I feel the developers absolutely NEED to add is some customization. The guy you control is really really bland, and it almost ruins the quirky side of the atmosphere. I'd just love to see some customization of my character and give him some of my own little traits. Other than that, that is all I can really think of.Summary:Positives:-Great pace-Intense gameplay-Quirky style while also maintaining atmosphere-Creepy yet silly sound design-Nice array of weapons-Constant updatesNegatives:-Lack of character customisation (lol not even a negative tbh)-Some map designs are a bit off (*cough* countryside)Overall, I give it a 9.5/10. Basically just a quick game to play every now and then and have a blast while doing so. :)
