No Shotguns 0/10
Definitely and improvement from the last game, with better graphics and lighting effects, along with an unlockable roster of all the core DC universe characters. Free roam makes the game so much better, and the feeling of getting that last gold brick you need to unlock a character is just great.Unfortunately the game lacks characters that you would think to be in the game like Deathstroke and Green Arrow, and the roster is limited to 60 characters. The DLC Characters like Nightwing and Tim Drake are compeltely unobtainable, as you could only get them from the preorder special.TBH, the lego batman games get better each time, with this being 2nd out of 3.Its still a great game.8.5/10Decent Game for any DC Fan, kid or adult.PS:♥♥♥♥ you flying controls.
Stole my house, my wallet, my wife, my hat, and my life.I really liked that hatAlso its turned into CSGO. If you want to play something, play CSGO. Not a TF2 wearing CSGO's clothes.
I saw a post recently on the forums asking if this game was ok without the man Lee.The best answer to the question that I saw posted, was-It-'s like asking how is Game of Thrones without Ned Stark.-And it is. But the overall answer is differentClementine is a familliar face that we can all relate to, and the game succesfully does it-'s best tosomewhat ease you into new characters. Omid and Christa are there for you when you begin, An old freind returns in Episode 2 which brings some smiles up, and A much better layout of controls and on screen display makes it mucheasier to interact and enjoy the Walking Dead world.This game is amazing, and as much as I regret saying it,It is still amazing with or without Lee. Extrodinary. 8.5/10
6/10 You cant build your own office, walk around physically go to the comic conventions, after a while the reviews are boring and always the same, its repetative. But, never the less fun for the first few hours
There is actually no word for how magnificent this game is. Worth much more than what they're selling it for. Co-op just makes the game legendary with all its trading, vehicles and duels. 10/10 WITHOUT A DOUBT.
A game in which you burn things. Now ♥♥♥♥ off.
Much better than Counter Strike: Global Offensive.Magnificent game, fairly good graphics, INCREDIBLE team work and maps.Definitely reccommended.Valves best game after TF2 and Portal.8/10
Extremely Decent 1st/3rd Person shooter and great for star wars fans. I think that the Jedi/Sith gameplay could have been done a little better. since their is no online galactic conquest mode, I tend not to play online, however the campaign is very fun.It is definitely worth your $10.I used to play this game on my Playstation 2 when i was young, and I think i enjoyed it a WHOLE LOT better on the console.But meh.Good game.
A game about making young aussies into homocidle sociopaths with chainsaws-Like Skyrim with good AI- 10/10 -IGN-Not enough zombie ♥♥♥♥- 11/10 -Gamespot-Get off this ♥♥♥♥- 10/10 -Your Dad when your playing this game at age 85 Stars, would viciously desolate zombie innards again
