Honestly one of the best games I have ever played, The story line was magnificent, the atmosphere, it all drew you. However the constant changing view points have resulted in my death in the game quite a bit, nonetheless magnificent scenery and captivatng story. The gameplay was a bit shakey but very wonderful, leaping through the air from beam to beam tends to exite someone, and this game created that feeling.  The addition of the sidescroller prince of persia minigames was excelent.There were a few issues with playing on steam however, I noticed that it lacked the ability to -shift+tab- while in game. The ability to -alt+tab- still remains however it is a tedious thing to tab out of a game for the purposes of a message.I did enjoy the soundtracks but there were some moments where it would not play during a fight and then start again at random intervals. Nonetheless this did not make the fighting less intense.In summary a very well made game, it is astonishing to believe it has really been ten years since I have played it on the ps2.I recomend this game for anyone who likes a good story over graphics.
Killed a bear, got chicken.Killed a wolf, got chicken.Killed a deer, got chicken.Killed a boar, got chicken.Killed a chicken, got hit in the face by a naked man with a rock.10/10
I LOVE DRUNKEN ROBOT PORNOGRAPHY... I also love this game.... Yeah this game is awesome
The soundtrack, The atmosphere, The story, This is one of my favourite games, It is so sad while also being cheerful and quirky, you grow to love the characters and songs.
Booker ain't got no emotions, Booker just wanna eat
This game has got it all, An under water city, collecting souls of children, gun weilding maniacs, run by an insane leader, It's basically a game about new orleans
This is definately worth the $80 and 40gb hard drive space. The artwork in this game is magnificent.
Avast Ye Landlubbing sons of biscut eatersWe be at war, men who wear shiny armourmen who be hunters and killersraise yer anchors,draw yer cutlasand be ready for a fightincause pirates we beand we will kill these landlubbers
I put on my robe and my wizards hat10/10
