Lets say after playing this game and if you walk across the bank, you might think -how do i pass this guards, how many cameras are around here?-For short the game is extremely excellent and have a great gameplay where you must think really hard to finish each mission with your own creativity, either its killing all the guards and bag them, or stealthily steal everything without anyone noticing or even go in gun blazing like rambo!This game can be played in single player but i must admit that robbing banks alone is extremely hard if you dont know what you-'re doing especially if you aren-'t armed to the teeth!In conclusion the game itself shows how important it is to work perfectly with your team mates and most importantly you must COMMUNICATE with each other or i guarantee someone will screw up the whole mission. There are rather annoying things where in public servers (you can set it) people who join you will freeze the mission (not crash but there will be a pop up saying <[player_name] is joining 65%> and depending on their internet speed they can join you quick or slowly but the game itself is very intense and you will have to really open your eyes to get the best result for every mission.And....*mission: bank heist* i gotta go, im going to get paid *mask on* payday style
The game is quite good, however you will be grinding through every mission to collect credits, materials even the blueprints which give a challenge. However this game have a lot of grinding to do like leveling your weapons and frame to rank up and collecting materials by doing the same mission by farming, and other stuff like it. And you have to wait a certain hour to finish a weapon or frame.The pro is that there is a lot of missions and weapons for you to play with and the best part is the frames where each frame have a different ability to suit your way of playing wether you want to be stealthy or run and gun or even melee every enemy in the game. There is missions where you can get exclusive weapons such as event or alert missions where you can get helmet blueprints or extra credits. You can also have a clan in the game and build a dojo where you can do pvp or make powerful weapons that can only be crafted at the dojoNow the con is that you are given a really small slot and some platinum which platinum can only be obtained with REAL money where platinum can be used to instantly finish a building progress or buy weapons without having to get the materials (not the prime weapons though) and you must think well before spending your platinum or you will get a problem later on. And one of my problem is the potato-'s (you will know after playing it) is where it doubles the points for your weapon BUT without a doubt its hard to get the -potato- as sometime they appear in alert mission while you are asleep or at work. And not to mention the enemies gets harder overtime and the fact that there are different type of enemies which force you to use a different weapon on each faction to get the best results.In conclusion the game itself represents a great 3rd person mmo where you play as a space ninja but need a lot of grinding which is perfect for people who likes grinding or rpg games. However if you are impatient and a singleplayer player, i would not recommend this for you because in some mission its nearly impossible/hard to solo as this game requires great teamwork and patience since you wont get anything instantly in this game.
-We have always appreciated the creative efforts of the PC modding community and we still fondly remember the awesome zombie invasion mod and original GTA map mod for GTAIV PC among many other classics. To be clear, the modding policy in our license has not changed and is the same as for GTAIV. Recent updates to GTAV PC had an unintended effect of making unplayable certain single player modifications. This was not intentional, no one has been banned for using single player modifications, and you should not worry about being banned or being relegated to the cheater pool just for using single player PC mods. Our primary focus is on protecting GTA Online against modifications that could give players an unfair advantage, disrupt gameplay, or cause griefing. It also bears mentioning that because game mods are by definition unauthorized, they may be broken by technical updates, cause instability, or affect your game in other unforeseen ways.-It seems Rockstar didn-'t intend for the latest update to disable Script Hook V, so modding can continue along as normal. Just make sure to not use any mods when playing online, because that-'s just not fair to others who aren-'t using mods. And to the whiny kids who keep crying about Rockstar banning them for mods, your -mods- are practically tampering the system, here is another articleThe most convincing/prevalent explanation I’ve come across goes like this: due to the closed off nature of GTA V’s internal architecture, the so-called “mods” that have made waves recently aren’t really mods in the traditional sense. They don’t add anything new. Rather, they tamper with pre-existing elements of the game—add or subtract values, put whales where they’re not supposed to be, etc.“To give you an example of the dangers of allowing DLL Injected clients to connect to multiplayer servers or any other client for that matter, until recently, in Reign of Kings, hackers using the same method that scripthook uses, were using injected assembly code into DLLs to modify files on the computers of other players on the servers they connected to and in many cases, even the files on the servers themselves.”“When we’re talking about DLL Injection, there is no such thing as singleplayer mod or multiplayer mod. It’s just foreign code being run, anywhere the user wants. The only way to prevent it is to check the integrity of the DLLs of any client on connection and cutting the connection as soon as a disprecency is found. It may seem like overkill, but the alternative is a complete loss of security for anyone using gta online.”for short, the negative reviews are probably whiny kids who doesnt know whats going on and probably fell face first during birth, Rockstar have always been a great company supporting fans and players, if Rockstar didnt ban people the game would be swarming with cheaters. All these years Rockstar have been working hard to please their fans and this is how the gaming community repays them? Just because of one mistake? you kids have a rotten brain.P.S if you are one of those people who read the whole review, you should understand the current situation on why Rockstar are banning people is NOT because of the mods, its because the so called -mods- arent mods at all, it tampers the system in single player and multiplayer and may allow them to modify other players stats, we dont want that to happen right? Rockstar is simpy being extra cautious against players like these, so please do understand what Rockstar is doing.P.P.S if you got offended after being called a whiny kid, then you are a whiny kid.
CHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
just watching it for a few minutes and i am already in deep trance, its meant to be a very relaxing game, away from zombies, assassins, ninjas, pirates, racers, call of duty, battlefield, tetris, action games, pyramid head, Pyramid head the pirate ninja psycho assassin call of battlefield: racers of tetris action game, and etc. its basically a zen game i daresay. truly a relaxing game with a purpose to lighten up your day and have a peaceful mind just like meditation, 10/10, perfect game for relaxing and forgetting stressful stuff
A game where the currency is virtual hats and people paying you with hats for hats just to save it up for another hat10/10 best hat simulator
Its just cause, what else you want?
Love racing? Love murdering every opponent who tries to pass you? Need an adrenaline rush? This is the game for you, the game features a vast open world for you to do stunts, secrets, races, and even hunt down opponent cars. The graphics are spectacular leaving you at awe and immediately crash your car but thats a good thing. The cars you can get have many kinds from stunt, speed, and takedown boost where you can select what kind of driving style you prefer. The game itself needs no introduction since it is a succesor from the great burnout series making this one a must play for burnout fans or racing fans alike
A-M-A-Z-I-N-G, this game is fun to play and amazingly impressive, its a direct upgrade from its predecessor of the classic counter strike  and if you love fps this is a must, it offers many game modes such as the classic defusal match or arms race.This game is one of the most popular game in steam so finding servers will take no time and it will always match your skills depending on the player. If you are an fps lover, once again i must say this : this game is the heart of all fps games
