DotA all-Stars was the one that started the MOBA gaming genre. Pretenders to the throne such as HoN or LoL were no match of what the mighty Valve have done, rebooting the mod into an award winning game. To me each hero has a unique feels to them which gives them there own stregths and weakness, some heros do feel overpowerd in some aspects, but if you have a good team with different heros with different roles, your team is bound to win.The things i find annoying in game are the ammount of people that always leave a game because of rage quit, these people need to learn a lesson or to about good sportsmanship.Another is languages, make sure you read up on your:-Russian-Spanish-Indonesianlanguage books for the best experiacne, so you don-'t have to stop and type to your team -ENGLISH-Overall, this game is a great a game with balanced mechanics in all aspects of the game, im glad i waste 45 minutes per match to play a great game.8.5/10
This game is just awesome, massive fun to have here with friends, a clan or just yourself. Each faction; Vanu, New Conglomerete and Terren have a balacned feel to each weapon and vehicle. But the main fun to have here is the Air and Land battle fought between the factions, in a normal battle for a base you would see dozens of other players battle it out with very little air and a ton of tanks, but when battling with or against a clan, you would see a minumum amount of tanks, but a sky full of troop transports with other player dropping down to try and claim the base.Tons of fun to be had in this game.8/10
Where do I begin? This game only downside is the short playtime lasting only 5 - 7 hours on the first run, but is definitely made up by its gameplay, similar to that of MOBAs and turn base strategy games; music: which is the highlighting point of this game with awesome sci-fi sounds and great vocals; the art style: which is perfect beyond words and it's story: an absolute masterpiece, with the development of Red and the Narrator's relationship throughout the game. This game is a great game all round.9/10
GTA V is a great fun way to play and muck around with your mates. It's story mode is really uncompelling at times, as of the 20/11/2015, i haven't even finished the main storyline. The game really lends owes itself to its counterpart, GTA Online, the fun that can be had there with a small clan to large amounts of people is immeasarble, with heists and other missions.Worth the wait!8/10
Fallout's going to be a game I'll comeback to now and again in the future (though im not a Fallout fan), escpecially with immersive and quest mods coming out. Currently its a game that plays well with a great cast of characters with their own personal stories; the world feels so wide and open where it feels like I'm playing skyrim now and again, the only place it fails for me is with the clunkiness of the controls on a keyboard and lack of instructions when it comes to settlement building.I recommend this game for anyone who enjoys wide open RPGs.9.5/10
Payday 2 is decent game with a decent community, but the main problem comes in the from of horrible A.I during missions and learing the menus, the game does not clearly state which is -multiplayer- or which match is best for you to join, all it does is chuck you in the deep end and learn the ropes yourselfs. But as i said this game has a decent gameplay and a decent community but does not help balance the negatives of the game.5.5/10
This game is a great game, but in it's current form -- it's bad, worse than previous updates.Day Z is one of the greatest survival games out there. Even thought the game is very buggy and alot of glitches at the point of writing the review, this game is great fun to have with friends. You can choose your own adventure, kill whoever you like, team up with whoever you like or gather any gear to which you like. Day Z also creates a great sense of horror with the sound of zombies nearby (escpecially in the dark), but it wont matter if you have weapon of any sort. There is alot of fun to be had in Day Z (alpha is preety ♥♥♥♥ though).8.5/10 (Old)5/10 (New)
CnC is the greatest Reak Time Strategy game franchise to date. Red Alert 3 has a great triple A class of actors preforming in cutscenes throughout the game. Each faction feels quite balaced, despite some units, other wise great story, great gameplay and great graphics.8.5/10
Good game if your into Science Fiction or space in general, there are points in the game that get confusing but is still a great fun to play when trying to build a huge solar system or such in planets as a black hole. 7/10
