Fun RPG, pretty good for $10 buck.  Got about 24 hours out of it before finishing the story.If you wanna try a new game for cheap and/or you're into RPGs and wanna try a different one, give it a go, you might like it.Only real major complaints is that there's no window option and no multiplayer where you can fight together with other people, but that's really only it.Probably the best game the the Fable series, considering I've played Fable 2 until the end (which was OK) and a bit into Fable 3 before turning off the console and crying on the floor over how awful it is, but that's beside the point.Pretty much, give it a go. For $10, it's pretty good.(For people who may be confused, like myself before buying this game, this is the full original Fable for PC plus some other stuff)
I love this game, this may be one of the best Steam games I've played in a while.If I were to write a full review of this game in every sngle detail, this would be a bloody essay worth of writing, and who would want to read all of that? So I'll list all my favourite Pros and ConsPros-Interesting Characters-Multiple Endings-Quite a bit of replayability-Lovable characterthat you can get attached to-Dialoge for certain events changes depending on what you do in the game (Love this feature in games)-Cool Boss Fights-Kick-♥♥♥ Soundtrack ( I bought it and listen to it constantly)-Cool Areas-Interesting Battle Mechanics-Game explains certain mechanics quite well (most of the time)...Cons-Combat can be sluggish sometimes-...but other times it doesn't do so well at explaining certain features-Some difficulty spikes-Some areas are either too bland or too boring (e.g. The Ruins)If you a big Earthbound fan, like RPG style games, Retro games or just want a game to play, try it out when it's on sale.
This is a very fun 3RD Person Shooter with fun parkour mechanics. The only problem with this game that can be a bit annoying and can wreck the game is the community. There just aren't enough people on the servers to play with (at least where I live) and the bots while good, stay in the exact same areas and only interact with you when you find them, making the game feel empty sometimes.
This game is quite fun but I had a problem with it that now makes it unplayable for me.Ever since I got a new mouse for my computer, any time I looked around in the game, my character would swing around wildly, even when I'm not moving the mouse. I've tried looking up the problem (to no sucess) and tooled around with the mouse controls in the options menu but nothing works. I'm not sure if it's the computer, mouse or the game but if anyone could give me any advice that would be great since I loved playing this game.
It's an ok game.I don't want to go into full detail about everything so I'll just list the Pros and ConsPros-YOU CAN PLAY AS JOHNNY GAT! (Also as well as Kinzie Kensington)-New Interesting City-Fun Flying Mechanics-They tried to do something new-Multiple Choice endings, something never before seen in Saints RowCons-Weird Plot-Dumb Downed Characters-No Customization to speak of-No on foot radio-You can Finish it quite quickly if you're a skilled Saints Row 4 playerIt's not the best game in the series (*cough* Saints Row 2 *cough*), but it's certainly not the worst.If you're a mega Saints Row fan or just someone looking for something to play, get it on sale. I got about 12 hours out of it.
This game is really good actually. If you quite like Far Cry 3 I would Recommend you play since it plays a lot like it. The only complaint I really have is that sometimes it can feel way too similar Far Cry 3 and that the characters aren't as memorable as the 3rd game. Other than that, it's really good.
