need for speed hot pursuit is a game I highly recommend for anyone who is a fan of racing games and a game that I still recommend for those that are not.just I thing to keep in mind when it comes to this review, it is entirely based off my single player experience as I have not touched the multiplayer part one bit.and now on to what the game has going for it. well first off you have two choices on what to be, a reckless speed loving racer who will stop at nothing to finish the races, or a reckless speed loving cop who will stop at nothing to stop the racers cars dead flat and send them to jail.the racers and cops do have a difference when playing as them as well. one of the biggest is that the racers nitros must be increased by doing reckless things such as drifting driving on the wrong side of the road and near misses.the cop cars how ever have a slow but constant regenerating nitros. this helps you act a tiny little bit more like you should as it is sometimes better to drive in the right side of the road as a cop. (that's right as in right and wrong, not right and left)the game also gives you lots of cool toys to mess with your opposition as you race. you got EMP's spike strips for both racers and the cops (the sneaky racers must have got them off the black market or something) with the cops getting road blocks and helicopters.road blocks really help with the feeling that your not alone when trying to stop racers, just one button press and BAM there are 6 or so of you cop pals blocking the road for you.the racers jammer how ever lets you stop EMP locks on you and turn off spike strips by making them fold back up.the helicopter however I haven't unlocked but if I do ill add what it does here in the review.now on to what type of races and stuff you can do as cops and racers.so far ive only seen two types, a time trial of sorts and a average race either with or without cops for the racers and a timed chase to try and bust one or more racers.but the variety of both the chases and the races more then makes up for this as not only will the racers and cops get harder on different tracks as it goes on but they give you access to more and better equipment as you get to later parts of the game.and how is the A.I in this game? well I love it! at one point while racing I saw all 3 rival racers crash into one massive pile up. I know that might not be such a big deal but I just love games where they can and will screw up.the difficulty is almost perfect in my opinion, starting you off with a bunch of easy missions to start you off and then unlocking more gear as you go as well as becoming harder.the sound quality is excellent as well with a  great choice of songs as well as proper and different sounding car noises and skidding noises.this all sounds fine if you don't have a speaker that can't produce a lot of base, I found this out by first playing it on my now broken laptop and then moving to a tower computer with a base producing speaker.the song choice is pretty good as well with 1 or 2 song choices that really fit going really fast. although I did get sick of it after a while as there is not as much choice  as lets say most wanted, another need for speed game.that is why I recommend looking up and  if you can getting SSX3 and need for speed shift's soundtracks as they fit in perfectly in my opinion.the graphics are pretty good as well with most of the cars looking very reall and just about nothing looking bad at the highest settings.even a planes propellers looked good while I was sitting right next to it.and on the highest or medium settings the game world looks so good, complete with rain snow and a day and night cycle.there is also a free drive option in the game. this lets you be either a cop or a racer and just drive for the sake of it while taking in some views. its also good practice for honing your driving skills for when you do want to race.or you can just mess around and try stuff like I did like obeying the laws and driving at the speed limit.before I end this review I do have some warnings for certain things  and stuff I don't like in the game.I don't have just praise to give it.#1 this game has very strict borders, its more like a race track then being fully open world and may create frustration or longing for a proper open world by some players when there’s nothing but a crappy little fence in your way.#2 depending on how good your PC is your driving may seam very unresponsive to excellent, and there is no way to adjust the sensitivity when it comes to steering.and that is with a 360 pad, the keyboard offers left or right with 1 set force of it#3 this game is made by EA, so  if you utterly hate them and don't want to support them in any way don't get it.#4 each time you play the game you will be asked to create an EA account. this may frustrate some people so much that it ruins the game for them.and #5 the game uses a medal system giving a bronze silver or gold depending on how well you do. im not certain about this but I think that you do need some gold or silver medals to get past some parts of the game, this means you could be stuck at  a certain part for a long while.and that's the end of my review. the game scores a 10/10 for me. its not perfect but I like it that much.
Medieval II Total War is a RTS (real time sratergy) of sorts that lets you play as one of the medieval super powers of that age, each with their own strengths and weaknesses.For example France has the best knights in the game but suffers when it comes to infantry whether they be archers or spear men. But England has worse knights but better foot soldiers.When starting the game the player has a number of options (besides the options menu and quiting the game of course). I have not covered  multiplayer in this review as I have no idea if any of the public servers work as I have never tried any of them,  but the single player,  oh boy i can tell you,  that it is good.First off the game gives you a custom battle mode. So, if you ever wondered what it would be like to have an army of nothing but peasants charge a fully equipped renaissance castle filled to the brim with archers with flaming arows, now you can find out!Then there-'s the campaign which might be confusing to some, but I suggest either looking up some hints and tips on the forums or replaying the tutorial. The campaign also has diplomacy, and very good diplomacy at that. And the best part is, the A.I does make deals with you that are in your favour, such as giving you gold or line of sight to where they live if you ally with them. As well as that there are spies for taking a peek at what your foes are doing and how big a force they have, as well as assasins for when you just need to go all stabby, stabby on that certain duke or king.Even though the graphics are not up to date whith what todays graphics are, they still look good even if you zoom right in on people-'s faces.That, and the way a castle looks when you bring its walls down with everyone on top falling through the new hole you just made, is awsome.The game also involves a lot of strategy. I can tell. And even if you sort of suck at it, like I do, you can still have a lot of fun witth this game. Basic tactics (allthough not as good) can still win you the game, at least against the medium A.I. as charging your entire hourse-back army down a hill to smash into your foe-'s unprotected rear is a tactic.Also, this game handles flaming projectiles really well, as hitting your enemy-'s peasants feels really satisfying, as well as making you really glad that you are not one of  those poor fools. This goes for catapults and trebuchets as well, exept bigger and much more deadly ones. You can also make enemy siege weapons burn down, which makes you feel like such a troll to the stupid A.I.  As you say -nope!- as your archers burn down an entire siege tower and the men who were just using it are forced to use ladders, only to be poked to death by your spear-men, now waiting at the top for them.So, all in all, I give it a 9/10 as there are some things that bug me a little, such as 1 guy with a leather shield blocking 10 arrows at once or a knight in full plate-mail bursting into flames at the first fire arrow.
