This is the ULTIMATE MOBA happenning right now. With Ti3 out the way who knows what they'll add next? Techies? I hope it's Techies. My personal wants for heroes aside. This game takes MOBA and kicks it up the ♥♥♥, becoming more and more amazing with every update. The difficulty curve can be perpindicular at times but the friendly community is always happy to help you out in your quest to be the best!Just watch out for the Russians,Peace
Fun Platformer that requires stage memorisation to complete, not unlike the original Tony Hawk Pro Skater. There are some issues with the frame rate dropping seemingly out of nowhere and there are no options to fix this. That said, the unique premise and fun execution make for a delightful experience.
I-'ve played every installment of the -'Fallout-' series and I can say this. Fallout 4 is a worthy follow up. There is a camp currently talking about how it is not a good -'Fallout-' game and I can see where they are coming from but I will say this: -'Fallout 4-' is the least -Fallout like- -'Fallout-' game and that-'s fine. making a system that does not punish people at the end for a mistake made in the beginning is not inherently a bad thing.Furthermore, complaints have been raised over the story. I agree, it-'s pretty mediocre, though, lying beneath the mediocrity is an intricately woven narrative of decption and political unrest. The player character is able to subtly influence things to their benefit, this is not on the worldchanging scale seen in -'New Vegas-' but talking a scientist out of being in a location and possibly helping you do something awesome, or learning informationm from one faction and using it to aid your own. This exercise in subtlety is something to be appreciated. The main story disappointment is how little of an incentive (At least I felt), there is to work with two of the factions as they seem to take a backseat to the commanding presence of the other two. I also would-'ve preferred the missions that make you a permanent enemy to certain factions to not be an instantaneous -Screw this guy he agreed to do a thing- the subtlety was missing from this aspect, perhaps a point where the members are confused that a large horde has rocked up to their door allowing for a quick chat wherin you are able to (Politely) tell them that you-'re going to kill them and the rest of their faction and steal their stuff. Furthermore, conversations in the game pertaining to violence boiled down to -'f5-' -You shouldn-'t kill people- Fail, -'f9-' repeat.Charisma is a highly valuable skill in the Commonwealth, too valuable. The issue with charisma in this game is that many times you are able to talk your way out of conflict which can be slightly overpowered and anticlimactic. A focus on combat is the name of the game this time around with gunplay heavily improved and VATS no longer stopping time but rather slowing it, adding to the high intensity situations you can often find yourself in, especially if you underlevel yourself leading into story missions. That-'s why I-'m ok with SPECIAL and the perks working the way they do this time around. It-'s still possible to be punished for bad decision making but it-'s not nearly as intrusive and if you go down the path I did your companions are more than capable of helping out. Overall Fallout 4 is a genuinely enjoyable expeience so do yourself a favour and rollout to the fallout with me.
