Based on first hand experiences, PayDay 2 is an outstanding look on the co-opperative aspect of doing something like robbing a bank. With the layouts and A.I. patterns, you will need to rely on more than just your own skill, you need your teammates to rely on also. Although it be true that this game resembles aspects of Brinks repetitive play styles, this game makes it so you never feel like you're doing the same thing, it's as if no two heists are the same! PayDay 2 is a great game for the strategic side of gaming as well as the shooting side due to it's fair gun play and crafty scenarios.8.5/10
Counter Strike, a game made far long ago and escalating so much into quite the achievement. As much as I wish to appraise this game, it cannot deserve a recommendation by me, the fact that you are so unforgivingly banned from matchmaking is pointless to say the least. I was disconnected due to internet hiccups for exactly 3 minutes and 24 seconds (Yes I timed it) and it gives me a 7 day ban. The thing that makes this so frustrating is that, it was the first match back after ANOTHER 7 day ban for similar issues. The fact that they do not forgive the fact that you may live in a woodland area where power can go out every now and again, or the fact that Steam can act buggy sometimes gets it a 3/10 from this CS veteran.2/15/15 Edit: I recieved yet another ban from matchmaking, this times issue was the following; I kicked too many teammates. Let me begin by reiterating that I had just finally gotten back after 2 weeks of no playtime due to internet issues and in this first game, a teammate began to throw the match, I.E. shooting teammates, or shooting in the air around enemies. Yes, someone (Not me) called a vote to kick him and I agreed because he's throwing the match, but appearantly in 2 weeks of no matchmaking play, one vote to kick got me ANOTHER 7 day ban. This is a continued portrayal to CS:GO's broken economy and has dropped my rating to 0/10, how can a game be rated greatly when it prevents all access to competetive players even when there's a fallacy involved?3/13/15 Edit: Another ban to add to this list; this time it's from being kicked too many times, giving me another 7 day, and here's how it happened. The game was a Comp. Office; the CT was whooping our asses so far, yet with me being second top on our team, three of the players who were in a team decided to kick me, because they cannot win. This further proves my thesis that CS:GO is still broken majorly when it comes to matchmaking bans; the utter fact that this game has the audasity (Phonics FTW) to allow things like this to keep happening with no way of appealing to anyone about getting it lifted.
A great game for the imaginative minds of this world!
