The maps are too small, tbh it feels like another cash cow. Don't buy it for 97 Australian dollars, It's just amped graphics all in all. Feels like a rather meh, 30-40 dollar game at best.
A brilliant game, perhaps falling just short of its predeccesor only in its aiming system, however this is fully interchangable and customizable by the player. I could write quite a large essay about this game, so I'll leave it short.10/10, absolutely astounding game.
This game has extreme potential. Once Australian servers are released, and the characters have been balanced, I see this game having a bright future. However, it would seem as though crafting will allow for pay to win... The micro transactions within this game are its only current downfall. I'd reccomend the developer take a good, long hard look at their current monetary scheme, and rehaul it. Something like LoL's purchase system, or maybe like Dota 2's set buying system, chest unlockables and so on.. Regardless, as I said, with proper balancing and a dedicated team, this game could easily become a great moba. 9/10.
This is one of those few games that will define the 2D Genre of Indie Zombie games. That is, if any are to come. For now, I am super content with the variety, and realism involved with surviving within the world of Project Zomboid! Keep up the good work!
It's ♥♥♥♥.
It's not a bad game at all. It's fun, the stealth aspect is cool. It relies too heavily on cheap jumpscares and sudden hordes springing out of nowhere that you can't fight. The textures are also lacking in some areas, and the ingame menu is terrible. Other than that, not much to gripe about, I enjoyed it. 7/10
i liek de part wen u takl tu pepel and dey respnd an gaem lukl ver rel liefliek gudjub
I saw a birb,I shot head man,he died,rip harambe
I literally couldn't write a better review for a game. This game, is by far, the best RPG I've ever played in my entire life, hands down. There really isn't a downside, actually, scratch that, the only downside is that the world is not entirely-open, and I wanted to swim all the way to Skellige and get eaten by some Kraken-Esque beast. Either way, this was a beautiful way to end the trilogy, and I really don't think CD Projekt Red could top this game, but I can't wait to be proven wrong. Bravo. Perfect 10/10. You will not play a better RPG game, to date.
