Sad sad Ubisoft. Don't get me wrong, this is a beautiful, extensive, and immersive game. It is an above ground and underwater city builder with complex city management and trade.  HOWEVER, UPlay is a horrendous gaming network and a DRM of 3 installs is appalling (to say it kindly). When I discovered I could only install this on 3 machines I was quite disappointed. Ubisoft support also seems seriously lacking. My son recently made purchase of a hardcopy ubisoft title, registered it to his account but could not download it - was just stuck in a registration loop. He was outright ignored by Ubisoft/Uplay official support contact - even after posting for help on their Facebook page. Eventually he exchanged the game for something worth twice as much (and not needing Uplay). So he posted again to their facebook to let them know he didnt want their assistance anymore because they are useless and he had solved his problem. Within minutes they deleted his post from the page making us well aware that Uplay had seen his original help request but they had deliberately ignored it.I'd hate to see what will happen when I have to contact them for a new key for Anno when I next upgrade my machine. If the same DRM restrictions exist for the new Anno when it is released I simply wont be buying it ... ever. In fact my experience with the few Uplay games I do own has taught me to be extremely wary of investing in any Ubisoft games again.
At the time of writing this review I do not yet own Cities XXL or Skylines, so for me, this is the best city builder I have in my collection (which includes Banished, Anno 2070, Cities 2008, Tropico 4, as well as RTS builders like Red Alert 3 and AofE) ... and I love it!The graphics are incredibly beautiful and you can zoom in right up close to the action (like Google Streetview) to capture some amazing screenies of your city. Day or night, it is very entertaining to check out all the wacky goings on of your inhabitants. You can select a car, pedestrian, truck, or train and follow it around the map. Travelling along the train tracks will allow you to explore the world of tunnels and underground stations you have constructed.There's a lot of micro-mangement of all aspects your city (including trade between other players and cities youve built) - some may not like this aspect of the game but I find it quite enjoyable and challenging. This is a massive game with lots to do to keep you entertained for endless hours.There are plenty of gigantic maps and hundreds of buildings to choose from. Additionally, the Cities player community is quite extensive and there are countless mods to help you construct the city of your dreams.I bought this game on special ($15) long before XXL was released. I hear there is little difference between the two games, bar a few bug fixes, performance improvement, and a couple of new buildings. I think if you are on a tight budget and can grab this version on a super sale (say $5) then it is still worth buying if you can't afford Cities XXL.
Fun, yet challenging, take on the dark post-apocalyptic theme. A simple concept executed with a brilliant balance of complexity and addictabillity.Easy, mediumm, or hard, you only get 60 seconds - hence the name of the game - to collect supplies (including your loved ones) from your house, before a mad dash to take cover in your underground bomb-shelter as your neighbourhood is being nuked above. You can perfect your gathering skills in Scavenger mode, hone your stamina skills in survival mode, or play out a complete scenario in Apocalypse mode - in which you first scavenge your supplies and family, and then see how long you can hold out in your shelter with just the supplies you've brought with you. Quite soon you will find it necessary to go out into the radiated wasteland of suburbia for more supplies. Well, not always you ... often it's your children. You will encounter various events and make life or death decisions along the way. Things can get quite brutal.Light humour and cartoon style makes this a great game the whole family can enjoy. Highly recommended.Congrats to the development team on a very clever release. +5 Soup for you! ;-)
I had never before played any game from the Bioshock franchise, nor even seen one played. Other than having heard the name, I had no clue about the concept, story, genre, or game play style. I bought Bioshock Infinite for $1. My kids were silenced into disbelief when they saw it in my library. I had no idea what to expect.What can I say? I'm in shock and awe. Spectacular.A unique story-driven FPS, Bioshock Infinite is stunningly beautiful, yet surprisingly creepy and disturbing. I'm still not altogether sure wtf is happening or what I'm supposed to be doing, but I have superpowers and it looks amazing!Well done to the development team. 10/10 Highly Recommended.
This game is incredible. It is unique and addictive. I love the fact there are no monsters and that I can choose to have timid wildlife, and just concentrate on scavenging, crafting, and survival. It allows me to take time considering my actions, rather than being exhausted by pointless jump scares or wasting time hiding out crouched in some bush. Early Access considered, The Long Dark is quickly becoming one of my favourite games.I'll admit though, it's a lonely adventure .... probably one of the few games I would like to see as a multiplayer, or at least some computer AI characters in which to occasionally interact. However it certainly succeeds in making me feel like I'm wondering about Northern Saskatchewan or some such place. The atmosphere is enhanced by changing weather, and spectacular landscapes which glisten in the sunlight.I established a base camp on day one, gathered all manner of supplies, and began crafting some fancy boots. But I died 18 days later wandering about aimlessly in a blizzard. 10/10 Would cure animal guts on my bedroom floor again.
This is a unique and entertaining game for all ages. I hope the online service returns.
Yes to chess! Simply classic.
10/10 Would use my face as a snowplough again.
Comes with one free table so you can compete against your family, friends, and the rest of the world! :)There are also a huge variety of themed tables available for purchase, with awesome sound and light effects; cool multi-tiered tables, mini-challenges and games; along with Steam leaderboards and achievements. At full price the tables are great value. On sale they are steal! I own several tables for this game on Steam, Android Tablet and my phone. Zen create superior contemporary pinball tables worth every dollar I've spent for access on multiple platforms. It's Pinball. Pinball is awesome. Highly recommended.
