This is a flawless game...except for one solid point.Too many hackers.I played this, like, over 2 years ago, and was one of the best players. Now, it seems more and more people are becoming hackers in PvP games, not just this one. Almost every online FPS on Kongregate has a 1:5 player to hacker ratio now, and this game is already there. Guys, introduce VAC, because i literally cannot play.Did i say flawless?Sorry, i meant it's a PILE OF ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥. THIS GAME USED TO BE AMAZING. But ever since like, what, a year or 2 ago, it's been down right TERRIBLE. I would not recommend this to ANYONE. 2 years ago, maybe, but now, NO.FIX YOUR GAME.
Big ♥♥♥♥ up. Hard to understand and since it's pretty stupidly difficult at times with easy difficulty bots, i just gave up WAY TOO EARLY to bother learning it.I'd suggest Starcraft, Age of Empires or Warcraft, but NOT this.
I don't recommend this game as it isn't the best game i've seen... In fact, it's the worst game i've seen. It has terrible graphics, terrible gameplay, and everything i hate in a game. I do recommend this to people who don't have taste in games that for some reason like this sort of ♥♥♥♥.
I-'d love to play the game, i have over a thousand hours on CS1.6 (not on steam) and countless hours in other somewhat competitive shooters. CS:GO is the most refined one of them all, yet it has the absolute WORST match making by FAR. A few examples:-Cooldowns are ♥♥♥♥ed. Fullstop. Further detail will get me banned (Evidence of how bad)-The match making itself should start easy then go hard. If you just throw it in randomly, you-'re not getting a very accurate result of how things work. This is how other games such as SC2 work, they throw you at easier players first. They don-'t go from rank 0 to rank 20, but they go -easy-ish, (say, 0-5), -medium- (5-15) and -hard- (15-20) to see how you fare. I think valve could learn quite a bit from Blizzard in this aspect.-Another thing is how vague the game is to new players. There is no tutorial at all. The shooting range is a joke and The War Owl is the only help, but he starts off in the middle and at the top, with very little info for starters. Usually i-'d take an essay approach and start from the middle, but that simply isn-'t possible in video games.-Lastly...The community.Period.TL;DR:This GAME is for me, the PLAYERS are not.Overall, this game is well polished, very highly thought out and the pinnacle of competitive gaming.Its community is the absolute worst. The Apex of horrible, you could say.
This game is better than what people give it credit for, but it is still pretty bad.Kind of like Edge of Space. The gameplay may be good, but it gets literally no where. There is no end game.
Uhh....If i was asked to describe this game with one word, there is one that fits it PERFECTLY:Broken.
/hello/online/initializing startup sequence/loading S.S.A.M/mission completed/S.S.A.M scanning data/credits output almost complete/acquiring new time-jump coordinates/we are not finished yetThis is one of the best games i've played in my life. It's made PERFECTLY, and i can't think of a single game that has the amount of errors this game has. 0.
Most grinding in a game i've ever done. Ever. Do not get it unless you have $100 or something, because unless you pay to win, you'll never win.
This game is terrible. I played it a long time ago. I'm quite upset that i let a game like this fool me into thinking A, it's graphics were actually as good as the pics say, B, it was worth the huge download, and C, the gameplay was good. None of these were the case, the graphics suck, it's got a huge download for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ small game, and it's gameplay is so absolutely horrid, i could throw up... Yeah, i'll stick with my CoD's and Payday's thankyouverymuch.
Unfortunately, because of recent CoDs and re-playing this game, it seems that this CoD is actually pretty decent. I think this is probably one of the higher-end CoDs, especially compared to the newer ♥♥♥♥ like BO3, which was a horrible game.
