The game is way better then my  damned  puns....I'll let myself out...
Boid is a free-to-play real-time stratergy that is  incredibly  addictive and very easy to pick up. I've barely played it, but with the hour I've spent playing with my friend I've already fallen in love.I recommened this to anyone looking to find a simple and fun free-to-play game you can play both casually and competitively.
I've noticed a trend of reviews consisting of only 3 words repeating over and over again. Now, I could write an actual review for the game......but that wouldn't be any fun, now would it? BEGIN! GAME OVER!  BEGIN! GAME OVER!  BEGIN! GAME OVER! (get the game)
Hook is a game of simple proportions. It's addictively fun and lives up to it's minimalistic title.The aim of this puzzle game is simple: to pull in all your lines without getting them tangled.The levels start out easy, with seperated lines. But as you move on, things start to get more difficult. More elements are added, and eventually you have to start questioning if your choice is correct.Overall, Hook is a game of simple proportions and gameplay that will leave you  hooked.
Two words: F*cking.  Buffalo. 
Here's a quick review of the game:The controls are great, with them being tight and responsive. There's a wide variety of weapons and planes to choose from, with even more coming. The maps are perfectly sized and creative, and I would personally love to see even more. There's also a nice amount of gamemodes to choose from and I've found almost no bugs/glitches.The 2 main problems I see with this game are:-A little bit pricey for an early access game. I understand if you need a wider budget or something, but $10 just seems a little too much.-Nobody ever seems to be playing it. Seriously. The servers are always deadly quite. There is a subreddit dedicated to this game with regular developer updates and the server list makes it look like nobody plays anymore. I am honestly confused; where are all the players?But overall, Air Brawl is a good game with a bright future.(As a side note, something I would love to see in this game is music. It would be awesome to have the kind of music from the trailer playing while you're in the middle of an intense fight.)
Don't Starve Together!The multiplayer edition of Don't Starve that everyone complained about but in the end loved it or didn't end up giving a sh*t!
It's fast, it's medievil, it's 8-bit, what more could you want?
Put a derp face on G Man!
