Big edit:5/10. ( my time played is more like 30+ hours). this games is ok and is worth buying especially if you can get it even cheaper on a sale but understand that after a few hours all up, what was at first amusing chat just becomes purely annoying repedative (they repeat lines) banter (that you cant skip).There are free, equally good / better poker games online. google -free online poker- and click with your eyes closed and you-'ll find one, alot of which you will also be able to play vs friends or random people, which this game CANNOT do.www.yazino.com (one i-'ve used, can vs ppl / friends, it has a credit limit but u can sign up fake accounts for more {if your decent you shouldn-'t run out of credits])https://zynga.com/games/zynga-poker  (on mobile devices or facebook, havent used, just checked)http://www.replaypoker.com/  ( i haven-'t used, just checked site ).
i give it a 10/10 for a stealth based game.The best hitman to date in my opinion.sharp new graphics, and the classic hitman gameplay we love, plus a few new features and challenges.i completed it on professional setting and it was a great & fun challenge.Good luck 47.
you can try a tiny preview of each table to get a feel if you-'d like to buy it or not and the game comes with 1 free table that is decent fun. (although some tables wont seem great at first they grow on you the more you master them and the free trial really doesnt do them justice)i recommend the -Marvel Pinball Original Pack-.p.s. tables are usually at around 50% off during seasonal sales
Beat Hazard Ultra FTW.10/10 for a music based game, HOWEVER; this game doesnt really work with a mouse and keyboard. it would probably be fine with a joystick and it works great with controller, but its basically unplayable with a mouse in comparison to how it should be.i have played many hours of this on PS3, if u like listening to music this is an awesome game for you. crank your music in game easily and shoot space ships and bosses like the old arcade machines.
