This game is beautifully done, with a great atmosphere and spooky gameplay, but it still isn-'t finished so I-'m going to use this review to tell people what it could improve on.Sometimes while adventuring around the map, if I exit a house the outside will still be dark, so I can-'t see until I get out of the -dark area- centered around that house. I nearly died like this to a monster I couldn-'t see, so the house mechanics still need to be worked on.The ammunition system is a little ambiguous, only saying -Ok-, Low- or -Out-, but I reckon it could do with a -Med- setting, used when you aren-'t at full ammo, but aren-'t two or three clips away.There-'s very limited structures around the map, and not much to do with them so if there were barricaded doors or something, then you-'d have to whack them open, alerting monsters and players in the area. Maybe windows could be a good idea, who knows?For a multiplayer game, there aren-'t a lot of aspects that distinguish it from single player, so maybe you could drop ammo or rations for other players it-'s make sticking together much more worthwhile.And finally, the monsters. I think instead of having all monsters behaving the same way, you could have some chase relentlessly or hide behind walls to make monsters a bit more diverse, even going as far to have them interact with each other, would make it a lot more immersive.Nonetheless, this game is a beautiful concept and will be very interesting when more players join. Thanks for reading, and have a nice day.
People give it a bad rep even if they haven't played it, usually making jokes about it's low playerbase, but since the humble bundle the player count has risen steadily, yet the same people keep drilling on about a supposedly dead playerbase. Don't listen to those people, it's an awesome game with over 25 loveable characters, 8 story missions, 3 pvp gamemodes with 3 maps each, and shift codes for skins and loot packs all too often, so please consider buying, and maybe I'll meet you there.
Starbound is one of my all time favorite games already, and it's not even finished the beta! But who really cares, it just means the devs get to suprise us with an update every so often. Wonderful game, 10/10, definitley worth my money.
With outstanding gameplay and graphics, it's a miracle that it's free. I personally found the seige gamemode hard to understand at first, but turned out to be a great concept.
