This game is a beautifully polished first person shooter/horror game/shark simulator. Each match is truly nerve-racking, with neither sharks nor divers ever truly given a huge advantage. The balance between sharks and humans is truly an amazing feat on the developer's part. Playing as a diver is terrifying; as your heart beats faster and louder in the game, the blood in your real body starts flowing, ready for action. There is a great level of reward that comes from winning a game through getting S.T.E.V.E back onto the boat.Sharks feel swift and powerful to play as, easily navigating and destroying the environment, along with any straggling divers. There is still more to be added to the game, which gives it longevity, as each new map or shark or piece of equipment is a reason to sink (pardon the pun) more hours into this game.
It's been a long time since a boss battle has been so hard, but so rewarding.This game is a great combination of high fantasy, spellcrafting and difficult fights. The very little health you have adds to the value of the experience. The spellcrafting has some great ideas, but a better menu would make it more accessible when comparing statistics - a spreadsheet based menu would work like a charm (no pun intended). Overall it is a great game. The graphics are very nice, although the TressFX seems a tad glitchy. The story is well presented and I think that characters are very thoughtfully formed, however I think some character customisation like The Elder Scrolls would not go astray. Even though there are no physics weapons to choose, some mage clothing would be nice.I would certainly recommend this game, and I am excited for what it has to come.
>Join game>Get lassoed by a pair of savages>They spend five minutes trying to build a cage>Build a cage>Cage spawns underneath me, so I am on top of the cage>Try to run>Lassoed again>They take me back to their camp>Tell me I'm going to be their sex slave10/10, even though I paid for ♥♥♥♥.Great alpha. 
Far Cry 4 takes place in a carefully and beautifully created world. All the mechanics of the game are fluid; shooting, driving, movement and seemingly small additions to the game such as karma events and fortressess make the game a whole lot more diverse. Far Cry 4 steps up the difficulty from Far Cry 3, which I for one see as a good thing. 
