The Forest is a bloody amazing survival horror game with GREAT potential. The game looks absolutely amazing and it's very well optimized (for now)! The mechanics are very unique, from tree cutting to crafting. If you're thinking about buying The Forest, I would buy it when you got a spare $15 lying around! But if you want to be safe, wait a little bit until a few more things are added.
This game currently to this date (24/02/2013) is the most realistic Military Simulator. Unlike most fps games where you run around doing 360-'s with a sniper rifle, in this its a slow paced, tactical fps game. You cannot survive for long periods of time in this game alone, rely on teamwork for success.If you own Arma 2: Combined Ops, I reccomend the -DayZ Mod-. Its a zombie survival MMO that is set in Chernarus. You can find more info and a download at www.dayzmod.com. :D
Are you tired of just listening to your music from your ipod or computer? With Audiosurf, you can listen to your music, and play a fun game that suits the song you pick at the same time! If you want a fast and hard ride, pick a fast song, if you want a relaxing ride, pick a slow and relaxing song. This game is great and never gets boring!
It is just a beauty. Making all sorts of contraptions, custom cars, flying shipping containers, its all just amazing. And you can add on to the game, if you buy CS:S you get some of the guns from that game in GMOD. Same with Day Of Defeat, HL2 and a few more. I reccomend this game to anyone who loves whacko sandbox games, best thing yet, its only $9.99 ($10).
Many of you would probably buy Sniper Elite V2 instead of this... but i would prefer this game any day because it is original! The bullet cam, is a feature where if you get a great shot, it will show the bullet soar through the air and hit your target. Camouflage and Moving around is the key to success.
This is so far the BEST WWII fps game i have played in a very long time. The game has gamemodes for all types of players, like Action, featuring crosshairs and more health. Realism with less health, easier to kill others but hard to hit them. I recommend this game to anyone who loves WWII FPS games.
