Skyrim can suck Martin's balls
This is going to be a mixed review, however I will recommend it for EXPERIENCED or VETERAN MOBA players. If you are starting out in the MOBA scene, this is not really the game for you, sorry, it's simply just not polished enough for people beginning in the world of MOBA's.I don't have a whole lot of experience with this game so far, but I have clocked literal hundreds of hours on LoL and DotA 2, so I do have MOBA experience. Positives:- Personal Courier System: a really interesting idea that I think works well, and helps focus the combat on killing heroes and creeps/minions/brawlers (from now on will be referred to as brawlers), and not on looking out for couriers to earn some extra gold.- Recipe System: A really cool idea that allows you to change the components that make-up a recipe, thus giving you different stats, but still what the weapon is supposed to do.- Pets: Another interesting idea, that provides a little bonus for your hero, and aren't too overpowered or take away from the obverall experience- Last-Hit System: Playing and looking at the demo-videos of Strife it is obvious that they have purposely designed this MOBA to minimise toxicity between players, not only through community (Like LoL) but also through core game components and mechanics, I feel that this works really well, and benefits everyone.- Constant Stream of Heroes: This is both a positive, and a negative (which will be brought up later). Not much to be said, the more the merrier right?- Waiting for Loaders: When waiting for other loaders you are placed in the game. Your hero/champion cannot move, but they can level their chosen skill and purchase items from the shop. I like this as it makes waiting for others a little less boringNegatives:- Towers: I think every review has covered this, towers are horrendously overpowered. seriously. in League or DotA its possible to tower dive for about half a minute or so to secure an enemy kill, but in Strife, the moment you attack and enemy hero under their tower you are targeted (this is ok), but the towers hit like a truck. for the whole game. Fully levelled people are still scared of those damn things. This needs to be fixed. ASAP.- Constant Stream of Heroes: Unfortunately the constant stream of heroes is also a case of too many cooks spoiling the broth. With a large amount of new heroes, the ones already in the game cannot be refined fast enough, and there are some glaringly obvious heroes/champions with OP abilities and such.- Penalty for leaving: You can't play another game until the one you left is over. Yup. Thats it.There are probably a whole bunch of things that I've missed about this game, but on the whole I enjoy it as a refreshing take on the MOBA scene.Misc Things:- No AU servers: This obviously only affects AU players, but a constant ping of 200-300 is kinda annoying.- No all chat: I just can't find it, maybe it doesn't exist, probably due to the anti-toxic community take the team are going for.Overall, to conclude, I would say that this game is what it is. Early Access, BETA. Its a pretty cool and new take on MOBA, but its still early access, and needs some (or a lot of) work. If you enjoy MOBAs and know your way around them, give this one a shot, I think you'll like it for what it is. If you are new to MOBAs and are looking for one to start off with? Give this one a miss until you have more experience, simply because I think you'll have a better experience with other MOBA'sNow this is all my exerience with the game, with a measly 10 hours under my belt, thanks for reading guys-Glitch
Good fun for people who enjoy shooters like CoD, but don't have the money to keep up to date like me :), great fun and plenty of new content being released
