Fun little game with fun little characters.  The normal and easy difficulties are good for casual play and there's plenty of simple, easy to laugh at little jokes and references throughout.  Soundtrack's pretty decent too.
Finally got this over steam since my disk (RIP) is no longer usable... I got Morrowind as a birthday present several years ago.  I'd never heard of it, my whole family had never heard of it, I had no clue what I was going into when I first installed it.  My parents didn't see their 11 year old son for days when I started playing.The world this game dropped me into has held a special little place in my imagination, and computer, ever since.  I hadn't played much more than pokemon and a couple online games when I first got this.  After, every new RPG I ever tried to play was compared to Morrowind, and I was always left just a little dissapointed that they didn't match up.No, it's not a game everyone's going to enjoy (the oldschool style of play gets on some peoples' nerves), but it's one everyone should at least try because it's well worth it.  You can do what I did, explore a whole new world that breaks far away from typical fantasy RPGs, delve into what made the Elder Scrolls great and unique with their crazy storylines and obsessive attention to their own lore, or even just goof around like my friend, who stole every book he could find and stacked them up in a random house until there was a chest high wall of books spanning the whole floor.And should you tire of that, the modding community can turn this into any game you like.Oblivion and Skyrim were both great, but they never matched up to the sheer challenge of Morrowind's world, where a foolish mistake was punished quickly, they lacked the alien culture of Morrowind's natives and a variety of skills that were slowly removed as the games were released, even the storylines didn't quite hold up to Morrowind's.Obsessed/10, would play again.  And again, and again.
Funny little characters, simple and straighforward play.  Got it ages ago and have left it on my computer ever since as a fun little fallback game for rainy days.  Definitely a good one if you just want something to pick up and play without too much fuss.  My only gripe was learning the controls, but that was really just a -press buttons -'til something happens- issue.  Also, I have to hand it to the translators, they did a great job as it reads smoothly and sounds pretty natural, even if some lines were a little silly.
