Good game lmfao, Lovable combat.Wish i could get some of my life back though.
Gah i just can't get around the controls and combat and how annoying alotof things get. I clearly jump over the fire and still get hit in midair. There's just not enough abilities and skills. I want to be able to smash in buttons and combo like a madman. But in abyss there's only few attacks that don't really do much, having to rely alot on specials. It's not a bad game i just don't like it's combat system.
Can't rate a game if i can't play it.1. It's not in english, I have NO clue ♥♥♥♥ing why. << Fixed2. Crashing after loadup. << fixed3. Menu doesn't loadup either. << fixed but still crashes randomly mid-game.Now that i've actually MADE it in-game. After having to change the launcher code, it's a decent game and the similarity between darksouls and LOTF are spot on. Dodging mechanics, one-handed/Two handed-mode and not being to greedy with boss fights and planning out routes and enemies patterns.The castles and armor styles are pretty damn amazing i must say though that's for sure.Only thing that worried me the most was huge fps drop even though i'm playing on a 780ti GTX geforce NVIDIA. And you would sometimes crash mid-game, not sure why still.Can't give this an up JUST yet until some patches/fixes come to the game, for the time being ill keep playing.
Not even worth playing anymore. It has gone WAY to pay to win. When i first started this it was actually viable, i just recently came back and unless you're going to pay loads of $$$ then you're not going to get very far. Most traps,monsters and other stuff you can get for your castle for defences are locked and you'll need to either buy the infinite pack or unlock each one using ingame special currency which costs real $. And having to validate your castle is what annoys me the most since you have use your own hero to validate, which means you have to clear your castle without dying. If you die then it wont validate, you can PAY to get the community to validate your castle but that also costs $$ because you can only use special ingame currency inorder for the community to validate it for you. You can ask your clan to validate it for you (IF you can manage to get in one) but almost all clans have requirements so goodluck with that, you need around 500-1000 crowns for people to acutally accept you into a clan which takes a considerable amount of time and fustration. Since if you lose in any sort of way you lose crown and quite a lot of crowns depending on where you try to attack. And people can plunder your castle so that also means you can still lose crowns even when you're offline or online. Unless you got loads of cash to throw at this game, don't bother.
Loving it, already completed each untold story and the main story now, just running around collecting and murdering zombies with kickass combo weapons like the railgun,elemental staff etc. Atm i-'m in abit of a need of a co-op partner just for abit more -Fun- in completing each and every sidequest.So if interested send a invite.Either than that, Game is awesome.
Loved it, totally worth the 14$ Similarties: It's like Halo in Vs mode but more open for roaming (Vehicle searching nontheless) There's a wider range of weapons than Halo, Primary,Secondary,Adrenaline weapon and Item (Turrets/Knife) Classes: -Assault: Assault is pretty much the all around damage class in this game, they have OP adrenaline weapons when it comes to taking out huge groups of enemies.-Medic: Your all around support class (As name says) If you can utilize medic class as well as know your augments right (Will be explained) you will be the tankiest mother f**** out there.-Recon: Stealth/Singular opponent type, really good for taking out the boss monsters when headshotting. (Recommend for experienced players)Augments: Augments are basically buffs in other words. But once you buy them they automatically apply and are permanent. For example: Wolverine-Allows you to regenerate health overtime.As a LvL20 assault i recommend these augments: Wolverine,Double armor,Vampire,50% bonus credits (Since you got alot of aoe with adrenaline) Energy 2x, Jetpack booster for when you take on boss monsters you can constantly hover for a much longer duration while regenerating.
it's really good, despite the server crashing every 30mins and being so unstable.
its super fun if you got someone to play with, it's fast and super easy to quest and level.
