the game is brilliant, when your leaving your little shelter that you whacked together you have to always be on the lookout for other players and/or dangerous animals, then you get shot from somewere when somone is trying to blame you for something and holding you up....' give me everything you have now!'.......you give him nearly everything in your inventory.....*BANG BANG*....shoots you anyway, thats why you have to be careful about other players... you can never know who to trust but if you can play with friends or make a alliece with someone you can be better off with tradeing resourses or defending your area. you always have to be upgradeing your base and/or area.... banits in numbers from 1-15 ( depends on how big your base/town is) will rush in and try to raid the place and take all the resourses and trash the base, defently on big servers. a firearm is very good for defence/ attacking but everyone will learn that if you only have one gun.... dont go walking around with it because if you die.... youve lost your defence and you cant be respected by other people with a firearm, then theres the KOS players that dont care if you literly just sapwned in the game, they will shoot you for the pleasure. and there the ultra friendly people you get you started with some food and a tool when you join the game. In all rust is a very good game, if you like games like minecraft, DayZ, 7 days to die, all those crafting and survival games, Rust is defently the game for you, it is awesome, anywere from 20 players vs 20 player wars ,from building a local town and a anti-bandit force, its great. then you have the 'lone rangers', who work completly by themselves and dont go near other people, its still fun but its much better with friends or in game alliences....end result- AWSOME GAME, worth the money you pay for it, AND ITS STILL IN ALPHA!!, once this game it complete it will be so good.- ZeuXFi
The Graphics are amazing, and the gameplay is really awesome, love the steampunky theme as well, would defently recommend this
Spent 20 hours in the starting ship to gather about 80,000 credits from mining,bought a eagle,went bounty hunting,made 200,000 credits within the first kill10/10 would Mine again.
