Sacred 2 is one big GAME! I'm telling you, if you like big games with tons and i mean tons of quests and exploration then this game is for you :) I spent 90 hours on my ps3 playthrough and only explored 35% of the map. Like, WOW! There are hundrends and i mean hundreds of quests. I'm not sure on the max player level but i got to 127 over the spand of 90 hours. The game might not be as polished as DIablo but i tell you. It is wayyy more fun. As far as the game goes it's 10/10 Don't expect anything serious because the story is crap and quests are not the greatest. But it is an amazing game.
Fallen Earth is a very fun and unique game, it has a lot of features such as mining rocks and scavaging in rubbish piles...with the copper you mine from rocks you can craft into bullets. You can also  lvl up  geometry skill which will allow you to mine higher lvl rocks and get more resorces from them, as far as pvp goes i have yet to try it out. I find that melee is a good skill to start lvling up right away because it can become handy later on, also the quest system is nice filled with different varieties and you never feel as if you have done the same quest more that twice.The map is HUGE and would take hours to explore and going out past a certain point you will find that enemies will get tougher very quickly which will force you to lvl up before exploring more which is good because when you die from a hard enemy and then go lvl up a little bit when you go back to that same enemy you feel like you are getting stronger and making progress towards you'r character. I very much enjoy a few hours a day of fallen earth and would easily give it an 8/10 for mmo standards. I have not seen many fps open world mmorpg's around and this is quite the package if you are looking for a game like this.
I don't even know why is spent 400 hours in this game. The most fun i has was playing on a server with no players and killing zombies whilst collecting loot. The pvp is horrible and it's buggy as all hell. DO not buy this game! Buy Rust or DayZ instead.
Great game with tons of stuff of to do an awesome addicting weapons customization. The gunplay feels wayy better and killing raiders is oddly satisfying :P I can't wait to see what they do with future dlc's. Despite a few issues on the PC version i would so far give this game an 8/10. Story isn't great but exploring the wasteland and gathering resorces for your base and new upgrades to armor or weapons is extremly fun.
I bought this thinking i would have access to all online areas as it states. But once i bought it and launched the game. It didn't do anything. What a waste of money.
If Diablo had raids.
Very fun game
