Subnautica has such an amazing atmosphere, and is one of the most original survival-style games I've ever played. It's terrifyingly scary, but not at all in a cheap way. Some moments will have you holding your breath (ha) in suspense; listening for any alien sounds or distant figures in the depths below.The gameplay aspect of Subnautica is astounding. When playing it for the first time, it seems very intimidating (I guess I've got a bit of a fear for the deep ocean, and was playing completely blind, which I highly recommend!), but as you explore more and more, you're introduced to new biomes, and every time you push yourself to go deeper and further from the starting location, you gain access to awesome and exciting new equipment and tools. Better weapons/deterrents, different modes of transport, all of which in turn allow you to explore deeper and further yet again.One thing to watch out for however - the game is stil in early access, and I've encountered a few inevitable bugs, nothing gamebreaking. Remember to save your game often and report any bugs, just in case you fall through the floor of your seabase or something. Also, I don't recommend building around the edges of the map, as with some updates the devs add new biomes, which may delete any previous structures in those areas.Anyhow, in my opinion Subnautica is definitely worth the $20, and is high up in my all-time favourites.
The fifth installment of the Elder Scrolls series is the epitome of open-world games, with just so much to do! You can explore for all the time you want, and become immersed in the beauty of the landscape, admiring the commendable amount of detail put into the game by Bethesda. Just about every single NPC has or is involved with one or more quests for the player, and every one of these quests is unique and interesting, most of the time giving the player a surprise near the end. It's shocking to see some NPC you see everyday like the local shopkeeper turn out to be some dark cultist, or mythical creature, or something else equally horrifying.Many times during gameplay I have stumbled upon sidequests, only to completely abandon my main quest at the time and continue with said sidequest, and in turn discover more and more quests to complete. At the moment, I still have an extensive list of quests to complete, and even though i've finished the main storyline, the game is not nearly over yet, and I will most likely pour hundreds of hours into it in order to complete these sidequests.Even if you do manage to complete the game, workshop support basically enables you to download addons such as new weapons, NPC's, and quests, as well as tweaks that affect things such as lighting, gameplay/combat style, and even things such as weather and temperature effects on the player, making the game easier or harder.I would definitely recommend this game to anyone interested in RPG games, and even if you're not quite into them, it's still great fun to be had.Oh yeah, and also, uh...dragons. Everybody loves dragons.
