Quite the abstract if you ask me. Yet, I feel this game is an expression of art, and represents an out-of-earth-adventure. Yet, I recomend this for the player willing to see art in one of its finest forms
game have gun. sexy gun. cant reccomend enough
First off, this is a good mod, it shows lots and lots of untapped potential yet it is so lacking in so many ways, which I will list here.1.) Single player onlyWhile I was playing this I somewhat thought of call of duty zombies, and how well they can make a hoarde mode in their games, and how well multiplayer is used in it, and how you  can progress (which will be covered later) through the maps instead of you and your friends huddled in a corner. The game seriously needs this, it can potentially call for alot of funny moments and alot of fun times too. More often than not, in antlion survival I'm always having my ♥♥♥ eaten off and squished against a corner, and I'll have no cover fire. until I just eventually die. Another way this can be used could be like a tower defense  gamemode, where you and a couple of pals or randoms fight whatever comes your way while defending objectives, or have a somewhat progression throughtout the map, and make them beatable and have somewhat of a storry to keep us sane while we wait for HL32.) balancing/leveling systemIf you've played longer than 10 minutes, you know that eventually you will get infinite ammo, and have a shotgun spam fest. thats right, you can just double barrel fire the shotgun and jump around the map forever without dying or even being harmed. Basically every weapon but shotguns,rpgs,grenades and other explosives are useless.Leveling up gives you perks (most noted infinite aux and ammo) which are mostly just health and armor, and will give you extra health and armor upon leveling up. that presents another problem, you cannot die. when your b-hopping around shooting the shotgun, you get lots of xp, which raises your health, and your enemies do not level up along with you, just their numbers (which at times, including the antlion survival modes, can be extremel annoying) and it seems that the only way  you can die is just going afk and going on a date, shopping for groceries, walking your dog, watching 2001 a space odyssey, reading the whole harry potter series, and replacing all the walls in your house, while you get damaged by enemies.3.)Mapsthese are just the maps from HLDM, seriously, this game was made to be a hoarde mode right?? be creative will you????rating of the game at the current moment: 4/10 needs many improvements, unfinished, too easy
Alas, another boring walking sim, for a genre that has alot of potential. I hardly understand whats even hapening, why its happening, and why i should waste my time on this. definetely not worth your money. but if you unfortunately become intersted in the games engine and aesthetic, wait until a sale comes up for this game.  3/10
yes, I only have 9 minutes, but on my old DS I can assure you I have at least  100 hours logged into it. This will be a serious review, so no ak-47 dlcs, sp00kiness, or memes here.The game is pretty simple, the premise is that you're raising adorable cuddly cats, and the whole game focuses on your progression, and here's why I think this is worth a buy: It's a good time consumer, sicne this is geared for children mainly I'll focus on why its good for them, and then coem to why at any age this can be a good game.The game is simple, but isnt simple to where it can be called boring. Challenges start out bland, which are mainly just tutorials on how to get the cat fed, and such but do rise up in difficulty somewhat, but not enough to irritate most children. The progression systemmay not be as advanced as alot of other games out there, but I'm sure your child isnt a huge expert in the games industry, but jsut because it isnt extremely emmersive, it doesnt mean its trash, you progress by your cat becoming more affectionate towards you, clothing for them, more minigames, and other things that I cant remember (its been years). Now this game isnt something that  can be played hardcore, you cant log in 100 hours in a week  with this, maybe just an hour or two per every few days after school or while you (and spouse if present) are working. Another core feature of this game that can make it better than any Ipad game (which I do see a majority of young children playing video games on ipads, but I'm not an expert on what  the most popular platform young children play video games on) is that it has no microtransactions. What are microtransactions some may ask? Microtransactions are small fees in the game which are ultimately for you to take money out of your pocket and put it into the developers. examples of this are like diamonds used to speed build  a building that takes 12 hours to build, or more lives on candy crush. The game is a one purchase deal, you get all the hours of enjoyment and content through the single purchase of $9.99, which ulitmately can save you alot more money than you think. And when it goes on sale, definately is something to consider buying! Edit: this game can run on any computer. It doesnt have the powerful graphics ability that many games possess today, so dont worry about purchasing new parts.Now for those who've gotten past the age of 10.It's a simple game, with simple mechanics, and a pretty out of date engine. it isnt meant to have extreme and powerful graphics, its from 2007. It's jsut a time killer really, I just play this game at night when counter-strike, and team fortress 2 get pretty boring and I want something to help me potentially fall asleep. I know that since you're older you have other games you  wanna buy, so really I recommend this as  a sale only buy. Overall rating: 8/10 Fun in short bursts, simple concept, and nostalgic
nice butt
