set in the year 2050, the USA has fallen as a world superpower and no longer makes their own guns, resorting instead to importing chinese made airsoft guns for use in their military. they are also unable to provide enough ammunition for their troops, with usp-s and m4a1s ammunition the hardest to come by. although these chinese made airsoft guns are incredibly unreliable, weak, inaccurate, and just sketchy in general, they are relatively cheap, with a desert eagle coming in at a budget $700 (although the .50cal ammo is also made in china, where they fill it with rubber bands and sparklers instead of steel and gunpowder, resulting in a -slightly- less damaging round than it-'s modern, real life counterpart). the artic warfare police sniper rifle has been greatly improved when compared to its modern variant, and anti-gravity bullet curving technology (invented in the year 2049) has been added to it, making noscope shots and jump shots incredibly accurate and very useful. this technology is also found in the scout, which actually uses alien technology to create a paradox in which it is far more accurate at the peak of one-'s 1.5m tall jump (while not scoped in) than when standing completely still and scoped-in. the smg-'s are the result of many years of research and development, with the world-'s top minds having finally been able to create a weapon more powerful and versatile than the atomic bomb, and with accuracy comparable to that of an olympic high diver, even whilst moving at mach-1. the ak-47 - once kalashnikov-'s most impressive creation - is now nothing more than a canvas for major league gaming-'s graphics design team, with the average rifle sporting more colours than a gay pride flag. however, perhaps the greatest creation of the period (2050) is the newest r8 revolver; its origins are completely unknown, although some have conspired its original creator to have been a brain-dead vegetable who created the gun as a means of destroying incoming asteroids that may pose a threat to the safety of planet earth. that aside, apple, microsoft, and google no longer rule the global market as the largest companies in the world. no, that position has been overtaken by a company that manufactures seasonal weapon skins of varying rarities, with the imf quickly considering ditching all forms of currency in exchange for p250 sand dunes and dragon lores. the two opposing forces of the game, the terrorists and counter-terrorists have also come in to possession of technology that creates mini blackholes around them, so even if you manage to land an accurate headshot using your chinese airsoft gun, it will still inflict no damage to your target, and your bullet will completely disappear from the face of the earth, long lost in an interdimensional tear in space time, along with your rank and dignity, which are nowhere to be seen. this really is a grim game, and it shakes me to my core to imagine a future such as the one depicted in this game, where the world-'s largest battles are won by mere chance and luck, rather than skill or military prowess. 9/10, avoid buying this at all costs.
the best anime babes on the whole steam store 7/11
