Have you ever thought to yourself, -Gee I wonder what it would be like if I was Kawii Desu Nee-San anime Princess?- Well think no more my friend, for this game has the answer. It starts with you (Princess Kawaii) being pulled out of school by you father because your ♥♥♥♥♥ of a mother selfishly died. With her out of the picture, it becomes your duty to become the next princess. You do this by taking 2 different classes every week which in turn increase some of your skill levels. However this isn-'t like Skyrim where you can be a god at everything, instead you need to be a bit more carfull in what skill you want to increase.For example, if you wish to level up your intelect through history and diplomancy, you may be able to flatter that losser of a Prince after you remember his birthday. However in doing this you probably won-'t be skilled enough to dodge the arrow that just penetrated your Liver. Oh look, you-'re dead, try again...After you have completed your classes for the week, you than get see some more of the story unfold. It is also here where your learnt skills come into action, as they determin your success. You also get to make some choices in these events that ultimatly determin the fate of you and your kindom. There are also alot of pre-set events that you can-'t do anything about, so I wouldn-'t get to exited. My personal favourite event was when some peasent sent me a fanfiction of me having sex with a Squid.After these events you get the option of choosing an activity to do over the weekend, this affects your mood, which in turn affects how well you learn in your classes. Say if you are in an Angry mood, you will get a bounis in Swordfighting, but you will recive a penalty to Accounting. There are plenty of ways to play this game, however it can-'t can-'t give you endless enjoyment like -'Barbie Dollhouse Adventure-' as after a few tries at the game, you notice that the story may be fairly linear. But that may have just been because I wasn-'t very imaginative with what actions I took during the game. I don-'t really have many dislikes with this game, possibably because I came in not expecting very much. One annoyance was that the only charater that shows any emotion at all is you. Also be prepared with the lore in this game, as there are heaps of Dukes and Duchesses which I couldn-'t be bothered to remember.I bought this game when it was on sale for $1.50 and I personally think $10 is a bit too much for this game. However if you buy it, it-'s a fairly fun little indie game.
If you ever played the original you will probably love this game. However some levels can be more difficult then the description of the level says. If you buy this game be prepared to rage a bit...
Grab your weapon and select up to three  slaves   waifus  pawns and set out on a grand quest to climb every monster in the land. Also you're supposed to slay a dragon and reclaim your heart or somthing.
IT'S CLOBBERING TIME!
Live out your fantasies of working at border security by removing every illegal alien that tries to claim -aslylum- on your planet.
Really fun game with insane amounts of gore, and it's for free!Most of the customisation items are overpriced but it's worth it when you can twerk.9/10
I still need more hats. 10/10
Shazbot Shazbot Shazbot. But serriously if you have a good computer download this!!
