Very entertaining.
An excellent game combining the foundations of the classic MOBA genre with the frantic, fast-paced shooting of TF2. Would definitely recommend.
This game is absolutely amazing. If you're a hardened FPS veteran, or even a newbie, you will definitely enjoy this game.First off, I have never played any Quake or Unreal games so I'm very new to the FPS sub-genre that Ratz occupies, so this game was completely new to me. But boy, what a breath of fresh air it was!Firstly, the graphics. Never have I seen a game with such simple, but at the same time, elegant graphics. Having such simplistic graphics not only makes the game look nice and modern, it also helps you spot the enemy rats that could be lurking around the corner, just waiting to shoot you.Secondly, the level of customisation in this game is astounding. You can customise your FOV so you can either be like a Quake pro or have a Call of Duty-esque FOV (like me). But that's not all: you can also customise your laser colour, type, enemy colour, gibs, crosshair and team colour. You can also disable the ingame music, so you can add your own heart-pumping music to suit your playstyle.Also, the gunplay is very barebones, but at the same time very fun and enjoyable. Everyone gets the same, beamshooter gun, which means that no one is every at an advantage over another player and therefore who gets the kills is determined purely by player skill rather than a weapon advantage. Also, if you're familiar with TF2 or other games where shooting rockets at your own feet is beneficial, you'll LOVE this game. The beam jumping in this game is so fluid (even at a high ping) that you'll be impressed by the mobility you can achieve with your beamshooter. WIth the jumping, you can constantly strafe around the map, but you can also reach strategic map positions that can help you gain an advantage over your enemies.The maps in this game all have their own unique style and I've also noticed that they all seem to have a different colour palette. For example, one map may be predominantly green coloured, while another could have mostly red tones. All maps which I've played seem to have a good balance between stratergy and fun. Although some maps are definitely more enjoyable than others, in the end, no matter what map is chosen, you should have a blast playing.Finally, the gamemodes. Due to a lack of players :(, I've only been able to play deathmatch so far, which is enjoyable even in its own right. The other gamemodes are classic staples: you have duel, capture the flag and survival. I can't really talk about these modes since I've never played them, but according to other people they are great fun to play.Overall, this is an excellently-made game that excels in all aspects of its design. From the gunplay, to the customisation, you should have an excellent time playing Ratz! 
Extremely fun game, the campaign is quite possibly the most fun I have ever hard. Would definitely recommend.
