I bought this game after watching a youtuber play it a few times. Wasn't sure what I'd think or how long it'd hold my attention. Low and behold I have almost 3 hours of gameplay already lol. It runs surprisingly well, despite having so much going on at any given time and doesn't lag my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ little laptop to crap. The only complaint I have is that the clicking seems to be a bit buggy (which might just be my mouse) but there seems to be a delay between the times you can actually click. Which sucks when you're trying to rapid bite when you're being swarmed by enemies and you bite really slowly OR not at all. The other complaint I have is that it wipes your coins every time you quit, so you *have* to start over. I collected over 200 coins when I first played and when I logged back in they were gone and I was kinda mad lol. Other than that, this is a fun little time waster and I can't wait for it to be multiplayer lol.
I just bought this game and, for what it is, it's a pretty good game, but there is definate room for improvement and I certainly hope the creator does continue to develop the game further and should something arise with his or her personal life, where they are no longer able to develop the game, I hope that they don't just abandon it, but sell it to someone who would continue to work on it, because let's face it, we need more animal simulation games out there. The game reminds me of a mix of Shelter 2 and Wolfquest, both games I personally really enjoy. The biggest problem I have with the game by far is the camera controls, I've never liked fixed cameras in games, so I like that you can toggle it, but the free-cam mode is just a little too wonky. I love the idea of mating with multiple males, though because in nature, all cats species, including cougars are very promiscuous and will mate with multiple males. I'm not sure if they are, because I haven't gotten that far into the game, but I'd like to see male cougars also being a threat to your cubs. Graphics could use some improvment, but over-all are not terrible. 10/10 would cougar again.
Bought the game. Spent about an hour beating mutant animals to death with a stick, realized I could make a hatchet. Built a Girahorshiken. His name is Larry.
SO I bought the sound track, but where do I find it? When I click on it, it takes me to the actual game.
This is a nice little visual novel. Better than most. Though I will admit the plot confuses me and some of it feels a bit rushed. I played it about a year ago after finding it on another site and was a little disapointed that the *only* nude scene we really got, there were no nipples but in this version, it's just a black screen. It's a little confusing to know what to do unless you use a guide, which I did. I got to bone Alisa in drunken lust(seems like a win to me), which was apparently still the bad ending, because I didn't know how to play the card game, so I never beat her. Next I'm gonna go after Slavya because that's what the game seems to want you to do anyway. Then I'll go back after Alisas good ending. I'm also a little disapointed that you can't go after Olga or the weird nurse who is clearly boning the male pioneers.
