Short and sweet, ill make another review at a later date.Great game, especially considering its in early access, so much potential, and a good group of devs.Some things I believe need improvement:- Server population, more than 40 people avg. would make loging on a lot easier.- Server stability, im sure is underway, not a big issue, usually dont lose much progress at all.- Blocks which have been placed for over a day should still be able to be removed, usure if this just happens to me or not?Love the content so far, and Viop just makes the experience so much richer.  Garunteed to entertain, many funny moments :)10/10 keep growing
MINIMUMPro's- Fast paced 3rd person shooter, addictive shooter- Good range of weapons and devices- customizable loadouts- friendly community- satisfying team playCan't think of any cons :)
Wow, didn't expect so many mixed reviews, i think this game is the balls, but it is imperitive to open your steam overlay, and follow a guide on setting up the graphics and mouse input, like a CANNOT stress that enough!  otherwise your in for a confusing ride until they fully optomise the settings.But seriously, the guide, is there, check it out before making a bad review.PROS: - Multiplayer is dynamic and challenging, movements allow to traverse map quickly with skill, but aren't a decisive factor in engagements - Customization oh customization, everything from what your character wears, gun skins and custom paint jobs, custom emblems, and ofcourse class and loadout customization - 3 game modes, Campaign, Multiplayer, Zombies, upgrading weapons in 1 game mode can give you skins, special crosshairs on scopes, and cosmetics to use in the others, there's also free run mode to practice your parkour skills! - after conquering fps and mouse issues (which is really simple) the game runs smooth AF, i lag on ark online, but get solid 60fps in BO3 on medium which still looks really good, gameplay and mechanics are neat!CONS: - lag and fps issues, not really a con because its an easy fix, but understandably if you dont know how you'll have a WTF moment for sure, just jump on community guides or youtube to fix! - may be a nat issue for some people, especially mobile broadband users, im still playing on strict (which is still matchmaking immediatly) until i get a new router which has more storage for port forwarding settings, but port forwarding is easy, and you can even get programs which automatically do it for you - i wish there were not so many negative reviews, but dont be affected by that, the game is sweet.10/10  treyarch and bungie had a lovechild ;)
It's Good, and release will be great, and i hope in the future it will be legendary.Two things i'd like to see- Digital collectors edition upgrade / Founders upgrade - And the ability to pick up the rattling gun after killing to gunner with limited ammo, just an idea.  This game is worth your time, and the learning curve for the game mechanics is just right, your skill and teamwork is way more important than your weapons.
I havent had this much fun with an action game since Jak and Daxter on Ps2!!!  Which makes me think... imagine this avatar universe with the scale of a Jak and Daxter game, with an open and diverse world, imagine unlocking the flying mastery for airbending to explore! With the size of the world, and diversity of the story, plus the 100+ avatars before korra, the scope is huge for development for another avatar game, action and adventure, with a Ps2 feel good style, and a story we all LOVE, the possibility could be the oppertunity to tell the rest of the story, and more! go for it devs GO! This is the best avatar content since the series, unlike cheap hollywood films! :P those who watched that movie will know, the spirit of the show is in the characters, and you cant recreate that!!
Nice MOBA for short sharp and sweet matches, personally i think it need more variety in maps, possibly more jungle or minor objectives instead of just one boss, apart from that its an enjoyable arcade style game.
Alright, firstly the critics will pick this game apart, everyone has their own opinion, but dont be swayed by maticulous reviews.  THIS GAME IS A MASTERPIECE, aussie humour is twangy at times yes, but get past that psychological block and the game opens up to you, NO SPOILERS, but, this game will hit you in the face, hard... very hard, but in the best way possible, and for a gamer thats a thrill you rarely experience.  DEFINITELY RECOMMEND
