I didn't know what to write about in my review, so here's a recipe on how to play Counter-Strike: Global Offensive instead:1 Overpriced branded gaming mouse (best results with Razer)1 Overpriced branded gaming keyboard (best results with Razer)1 Giant mouse pad 50cm+ (because who the ♥♥♥♥ uses the imperial system)1 144hz monitor (note: anything lower than 144hz will NOT work)1 1/4 cups milk1 Prebuilt Gaming computer (preferably one with a overpowered cpu and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gpu *cough* ayy lmaolienware *cough*3 cans of phresh memesSteps:1. Set your screen ratio to 4:3 and to the lowest resolution possible so you can play like a pro2. Buy a P90 and spam the keys A and D when shooting at someone3. Reach Gold Nova 1 to make fun of silvers5. Call everyone who is less skilled than you a filthy casual and a silver6. Tell everyone who is more skilled than you to stop toggling and to go on a VACation7. Steal your mum/dad's wallet and buy a knife and say you unboxed it. Optional University/College funds8. Give up and go play on some Surf/Zombie servers 9. Realise there is no Step 4
This game is very enjoyable and fun to play with friends and it is being improved by every update and I'm looking forward to the future updates to add even more elements to this amazing game.
This is one of the best made early access games on the steam store at the time of writing this as it is constantly improved with each and every update. The game is incredibly enjoyable as there is so many different layers of this game. There is a great and immersive PVP style of game-play where there is many different weapons to use to defeat your enemies. There is also a great focus on hunting to gather important materials required to have a large and successful base. Another thoroughly enjoyable part of rust is the base building aspect where you can create incredibly small bases to enormous compounds to protect the loot that you steal/find from various other sources. All of these parts of rust combined result in a fantastic survival game experience. I highly recommend this game and I give it a 10/10 rating. This game is worth every cent.-Quitespace
This is an amazing stealth game and i would reccomend this to anyone with a bit of patience because it can also have some very challenging missions.
