TL; DR version: for $9.99, this dlc is short and does not add any real content to the game that you can not go without.Now for the long version. I got this dlc as a part of my season pass, so I didn't pay the $9.99 price tag. But if you didn't buy a season pass and are considering buying this dlc separately, I recommend you do not.There are really only two new characters with a decent amount of interaction introduced in this dlc. One I felt was developed very well, and will keep as a companion for a while. The other, was very shallow. There was barely any character development to make me feel anything for them. They could have been a no name raider and plucked at the same heartstrings during the big choice of this dlc.The robot customisation added by this dlc is quite neat. All of it balances nicely with no obvious power play options. And it's fun to have your own custom companion. But this, ultimately, is no different to any other companion. Sure, I can give them sword arms, but I could just give another companion a sword for the same effect. The interface is also slightly confusing; it is difficult to follow what change in damage/resistance a mod will cause without doing the manual check yourself. I was beginning to trust those little +++.Coming into this dlc with a lv 50 character (playing on survival) I really only felt challenged on combat at one stage in this dlc. That's not isolated to this dlc though, I feel fallout 4 has difficulty issues regardless. But this dlc does nothing to rectify this.Oh and if you're not a junk hoarder then I wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors amassing your new hoard if you want to build any decent robot mods.There are a few new weapons added in this dlc as well, with the majority being mele, then energy. These are not something a level 50+ is going to start using though. Even with full modification, they fail to pack any considerate punch.There are also some unique power armor mods added in this dlc, but they are non transferable and will only benefit energy weapons users.In the end this dlc adds some cool features to your settlement and a cool new companion, but other than that there is nothing really new that is worth the $9.99 pricetag if you're considering buying this dlc outright.
When this game was first announced at E3 all those years ago, I joined the growing communioty following it. I eagerly awaited any new information. Gameplay videos. Interviews. Articles. Anything to give me an insight into what this game would be. And let me tell you now: all of that information, was a lie. The game that you could buy here today is not the game that was promised, not the game that was shown. If you are only hearing about this game now, don't look at any information release prior to August 12. Make your decision from anything released after this game was. Only that will allow you to make an accurate decision as to whether or not you will enjoy this game. If you have been waiting as long as me, forget everything you have learnt and start anew. You will no longer be as eager.
So many levels of fun if you love rockets, explosions and physics. Great Mod community. 10/10 would send jeb to the mun.
Beautifully simple game. There are a lot of zombie survival sims these days but Unturned is currently on the top of my list. Why? Because it's so simple. There isn't the stress of other multiplayer survival games where your heart gets pumping at the slightest hint of a human player. If you die, you collect again. And you don't feel defeated doing so. I cant wait for future updates for this game. Right now its just got the basics, and its already so fun. And its FREE. I have bought gold for this game, simply because I felt like supporting the developer. But you dont have to pay to win. I highly recomend this game.
