I recommend the game... a great stride BDI, does need to be thought out better though but they are on it they hear our pleads and everything will be fixed very soon
Fallout 4 is a work of art, the innovative gunplay works well in the post apocolyptic style of the fallout games. They may have gotten rid of most of the dialoge option, but it replaces it with more direct and emotional content. The voice actors are all good, somtimes it seems like their faces don't match their emotions but it is a step up from previous bethesda games. The story so far is amazing, i spent over 20 hours doing side quests before i reached the second part of the main quest. I will rate this game 8/10 for improving on the previous fallout games, the other 2 score goes to the optimization frame drops and some features have been removed from New Vegas. But Overall the best fallout experience i have had and hopefully you feel the same way.
I personally think Episode 1 was great, Telltale played the story to people knowing the source material while adding naturally arriving detail for new comers. I personally did not expierence any issues with the game except for one moment where i tried accessing the Codex inside the story and it didn't let me out.. I lost 2 minutes of since previous autosave.. Episode 1 has presented itself as a promsising story and i am looking forward for the next chapter... 8/10
Batman Arkham Knight is a refreshing take on the Arkham serious... Everything got a lot more serious... Batman has grown more ruthless and determined. The Open world is VAST for an Arkham game feeling like 4x bigger than Arkham City. I recently played through the Arkham games game by game.. When i got to Arkham Knight i was SICK of it being repetitive but it felt different and it was a good different a refreshing different.. 7.5/10 - I hope to see Rocksteady Studios bring out another project soon
This game is a bore 90% of the game is recycled elements from other games and morphed it into one rigid reptitive piece of ♥♥♥♥.. Bought this game for $5 from ♥♥♥ and i don't feel like playing it it's that reptitive.. But i will say the Nemesis sytem in this ♥♥♥♥ game is a beacon of light and i am glad something like that exists and i hope we see it again soon in a different project or a sequel. 4.5/10
