The transistion from visuals to audio is what makes this great. For three games, I had nothing but cameras to keep myself safe and learnt when to look and when to focus on what was near my office. Now, all I have is my skill and my headphones to guide me to 6AM. I love that. During the last three games, there was a point where you would eventually get jumpscared so many times that they would become numb and somewhat frustrating. That is not a problem here.Here, you are always on your toes. You must think, you must listen and making the slightest mistake will kill you. Here in FNAF4, it is not about chance and luck like the last three games. It is up to you as the player to make the right decision; do you open the door or flash down the hallway and pray that Fredbear and friends are not lurking in the shadows? You need to be damn good to survive this nightmare.Rating: 9/10. Series As a Whole: 1 > 4 > 2 >3.If you enjoyed the last three games, get this. If you are someone who does not enjoy the franchise, you will most likely NOT enjoy this but that-'s fine, everyone is entitled to their own opinion. Those who do purchase it, all I can say is: 'good luck and have fun.- :)
A great concept, but sloppy execution. Think of True Crime New York City; you could give tickets, inspect cars, frisk people, etc. However, like True Crime NYC, this game is rather broken. The world feels empty, the NPCs are nearly identical aside from a few color differences in clothing, there is a lack of dialogue. In all aspects, the game can be done if you look past these things but it really needs a lot of work. The aimming is clunky, the driving is dodgy, the weather effects are ugly. There is no denything that I still enjoyed the game. However, until the game is polished up, I will not be touching this game for a while. There are many ways the player can boost, or outright manipualte the way the game is meant to be played and quickly level up. Despite the bugs and exploits, you can have a fun time but the game can get really boring really fast, there's not much to do when off-duty. In conclusion, if you can look past the bugs and exploits, you will most likely like this game if you enjoy police simulators. However, if you are like me and suffer from strong OCD, the glitches will really drive you insane. If and when this game is a little bit more playable, I will indeed consider rewriting my review. Great concept, fun at times, but it needs a lot of work. 6.5/10.
So many hours spent on this game, having fun with friends and working hard to unlock some awesome weaponary. Now, it feels like all of that work I put into this game was for nothing. While there is still a chance for this game to redeem itself and remove the stupid Microtransactions, I don-'t think it-'ll ever be the same. It truly disappoints me that the developers have turned this amazing game into -pay to win- crap. I would like to thank the developers for allowing me to have fun with friends, meet lots of new ones with this game, but now, I-'m done with this game. This was such a great community, but it feels like Overkill has truly ruined it and angered a lot of people, including yours truly. Maybe eventually they-'ll see how silly this idea is and remove the microtransactions, but one can only hope. After all, we were promised from launch that we wouldn-'t have to deal with microtransactions. This is truly a disappointment, and I-'m sorry to anyone else who feels this way. I feel your pain.Original Game: 9/10.Now: 4/10.
Being somebody that has been a fan of Zombies ever since its debut, I strongly recommend this game to any CoD Zombie fan. While the Treyarch maps are good, they eventually grow tiresome and you are left waiting for the next installment. With World @ War, you will never have that problem thanks to the modding community.Custom Zombies are amazing, some of the maps being as good as those made by Treyarch, some even better. Even after owning this game for so long, I find myself going back it when a talented person releases a new map. Trust me, Zombie Fans, this game is worth a purchase. Lock, load and slay up into the high rounds or die trying, this game will never get old. 
 An Amazing Start I would like to start off by saying that despite a few issues with the PC version, this is an amazing game. Although we only have Episode One as of this review, it's safe to say that Telltale has done an incredible job and I cannot wait to see more episodes and perhaps even future seasons.  Pros  Immersive as hell. The atmosphere, story, character development, everything was amazing.  Detective work. Incredible voice acting all around. Really digging Troy Baker as Bruce Wayne/Batman. It's a Telltale Batman game. That speaks for itself. Fight scenes in this are amazing. Camera angles, the intensity, everything about them make you feel like the Batman.  Choosing your plan of attack is awesome. Hope to see this feature used more in future episodes.  Cons   Performance issues. Won't dwell on this too much, has already been discussed to death. Not really a con but, first episode was a little slow paced. I personally didn't mind this but some may be a bit put off by the large amount of dialogue. Overalll Score: 8.5/10.Once future patches are released that deal with the current performance issues, I Strongly reccomend purchasing this. Personally, it is my favourite Telltale Game since the first season of The Walking Dead. Adding on from that, not everyone will face issues with running the game so I strongly suggest getting it to either give it a go or just wait until the patches roll on out. Strongly reccomend this game, get it whenever, you most likely won't regret it.
