Driver Parallel Lines is an amazing driving game from reflections, This game has a brilliant storyline and character development. The driving is so smooth and enjoyable in this game that i can just sit back and cruise 1970s New York listening to amazing songs. That brings me to my next point, the soundtrack. The soundtrack in this game is phenomenal, with the likes of David Bowie and War in the 1978 soundtrack plus the Audio bullys and Yeah Yeah Yeahs in the 2006 soundtrack. The cars are brilliant in this game, they are all easy on the eye (especially the Cerrano, Zartex and the Andec) Overall this game is brilliant, it derserves praise. so called -'PRO-' reviewers like Gamestop sicken me with thier review calling the story -flat-
Medal of Honor used to be an amazing war game, i played countless hours of vanguard and European Assault as a kid on the ps2. Medal of Honor: Airborne is the last great game in the series. Being dropped into the battle with free will to explore and edit your own load out is an awesome feature. One of my favourite things is the cover/peak system. when aiming down sight you can move your mouse to peak around corners/over obstacles, its a great feature. This game has ages greatly, it still has decent graphics for a game made in 2007. The only bad this is the campaign length and population of multiplayer servers, but mods for A.I bots in multiplayer games are available to download. Overall if you want a strong WW2 shooter that is not Red Orchestra 2 buy this, But don't bother with the seise from this game on....
I started playing the Trackmania series back in 2009, By the time i got my 1st gold medal, i knew it was one of my all-time favourite games. Instead of choosing a set car or track, Nadeo lets the players create their own experiences, with multiple creation tools such as creating a track or painting a car. Trackmania is a very competitive game, most racing will be decided by 1 or 2 milliseconds. Trackmania is not about who has the best car, its about who is the best racer. I highly recommend this game, it is one of the best racing games i have ever played.
This is one of the most underrated games i have ever played. I have been a fan of the Ridge racer series since Rage racer hit the ps1 in 1997, I’ve loved the way cars can drift around corners at impossible angles and speeds...and how its all about the skill of drifting. THIS GAME IS NOT LIKE THE OLD RIDGE RACERS; in this game you can hit walls and it is not very likely you will keep your speed when you just turn and press the drift button, in unbound you have to control your car, or else you will be at the back of the grid. It also borrows from the burnout series with 'frags' (takedowns in burnout)...this adds another element to the exciting racing in this game. It is also made by bugbear (the makers of the flat-out series and Next Car Game), you can see game elements from flat-out throughout this game, as in the highly destructive environments and vehicle combat. The track-editor is also amazing, the editor lets you create many...MANY tracks in all different shapes with all different elements, the advanced editor lets you add ramps and explosives to the track you have created. Overall if you want a fun arcade racer to pass the time and have a lot of fun along the way, get this!! its a brilliant mix of many different racing games.
This is one of the greatest games i have ever played. Taking elements from many other games such as Uncharted and Assassins creed, tomb raider throws you into a world of survival. Lara is not a badass killer or wise guy, she’s an innocent human who you feel for and actually care about. At many moments you will be shocked at what happens to Lara and you feel her pain. This game has spectacular graphics and a brilliant storyline. But some scenes might turn people off; the game does not hold back on the gore, it does this to keep the player on the edge of his/her seat and to keep with the ‘survive at all costs’ atmosphere of the game. This is one of the greatest gaming experiences i have ever had, PLEASE buy it :)
Space Engineers is a voxel-based sandbox game set in space, developed and published by Keen Software House. The game features a huge open world with many asteroids that you must dig to gain resources to build. This game is a lot like mine craft but with a more in depth building system and SPACE! I am writing this review at alpha stage, that means many game modes and game content is not present yet. Right now their is a creative mode with no death and infinite blocks. This teaches you how to build and play the game. In the future this game will be amazing, with multiplayer and survival mode. But right now it is a bit bare bones, but still worth $15 to the space game fan.
In its prime MW2 was Amazing, With friends it could of been the best fun you have ever had playing a PC game. But from 2010-2012 many hackers, Quickscopers and noob tubers made the game frustrating. Nowdays the game is still populated decetly and most of the Hackers have moved on to more recent cods. In 2009 i would of highly reccomended this game, But now you would probably not enjoy getting killed over and over if your a lvl 1. If you can find it for a cheap price buy it, if not maybe buy a recent shooter.
Good game in 2016, yes nothing will come close to Rome 1 but this is possibly the best we will get, give it a try when it's cheap, you will love it :)
Payday 2 is the sequel to Payday: The Heist by Overkill Software. Payday 2 overall brings back the intense bank robbery feel from the first instalment, but triples the fun. With features such as mask/weapon customization and the card rewards system, payday 2 becomes a very addicting and enjoyable experience. Payday 2 is meant to be played with friends. Yes, the game does offer single player bots, but they are very frustrating and, in most circumstances, useless. If you have a group of 2-3 friends to play with, this game is a blast, if you like playing single player I don-'t recommend it. The newly released DLC -Payday 2: Armoured Transport- adds a lot more content to the game, such as new heists, masks and weapons (plus extra customization options). The new dlc brings faith to the buyer that content for this game is still coming, and in big chunks. Overall i highly recommend payday 2, it is an action packed rollercoaster of a game that will bring you and your friends hours of cop killing joy.
nup
