The premise of this game was great, unfortunately it wasnt executed as well as it could have been.For what appears to be made on a small budget, I cant really fault the acting, even though 1 character appeared to be nursing the same drink for at least 4 hours, only to spill it late in the game. THE FOOL!The characters were a strong point for the game, even if the acting sometimes fell short. Jenks was intelligent, calm and occasionally humorous. The rest of the cast appeared to have depth and real individual personalitles. At times it was a little frustrating as information i wanted to further investigate was brushed aside immediately after it was revealed. I also took exception to not being able to ask certain questions to avoid upsetting a character, i couldnt imagine a real detective sparing the feelings of possible suspects while attemepting to solve a possible murder. There were times that you would notice a contradiction between two characters but be unable to follow that obvious line of questioning. it was almost like them giving you vital clues but then shaking keys in front of your eyes as a distraction so you didnt solve the case too quick. It made the game feel as though you were looking for clues to progress the story and not looking for clues to solve the case. Kind of like being shown a giant tender steak cooked to perfection, with roasted vegetables and a small amount of mushroom gravy on the side but forcing you to eat multiple entrees made up of non delicious fillers, before sinking your teeth into that juicy rare steak. Using the map as a fast travel can stagnate your progress as walking through certain areas at times will trigger events that you may otherwise not travel to. They regualrly feel unimportant to your progress.Without revealing spoilers, the story couldve been rearranged in a fashion to make it fit together more smoothly instead of feeling like you've ignored vital pieces of information. I also feel that the game could have benefitted hugely from flashbacks.  I wouldve loved a chance to get to know the victim through story driven flashbacks as important  information was revealed. Maybe this was a budget issue for them and it was something they were just unable to include, which is understandable. It was a fun FMV detective game. But some small adjustments couldve improved the immersion immensly. mainly the organisation of the story and how in the timeline you were given certain bits of information. It really feels like they have opened some interesting oppurtunities if a second game was to be created.Overall it was an enjoyable game with potential to become a fun series, especially on the back of Inspector Jenks. While i do reccommend it, I do so hesitantly. I've attempted to explain what i found to be frustrating with the game and hopefully help you to make an informed decision before purchasing.
