The equivalent of going to the gym for your fingers, anyways great game if you like farming while shooting down crazy politicians, clones and infested creatures.
 Starbounds History Starbound is a game that is hated and loved by its community. At the moment the Devs are very active towards posting stuff on their starbound website. I fully understand people’s frustration with the Dev’s (Chucklefish) and how they shaped the game. The game has gone through many updates that remove core mechanics and add new mechanics, altogether the where slowing down their goal to finish the game by changing what they had already built and not focusing on what to do next with the players experience. “They were just fixing stuff that did not need fixing”At the start of starbounds early access release I bought four copies for my mates so that we could all play on my local server. We had tones of fun exploiting bosses and endlessly reading throughout the wiki for answers. We finished the game when we hit the max rank tier. From there I played again, I started experimenting on how long the game was if you only cared about getting the highest tier armour set. But the game had exciting news “Nightly build”I knew that the nightly build would delete my character so I saved him. But when I entered the nightly/unstable build I saw what the Dev’s opinions were on their old stable build. They wanted to remake the tiers, they wanted to remake how you got through the game by adding quests, and overall they were controlling how you levelled through the game and scraping their old work which increased development time. - But they added a huge improvement to the rest of the game (weather, weapons etc).Starbound now has a better story and realism to what your character is doing but you don’t get the feeling of playing like you used in the old build. The game itself Starbound starts off with you choosing your character. After you have chosen you character and spent ten minutes customizing him/her to be perfect. You end up in your ship which is broken and ruined, you are then forced to go to the planet below and mine resources to fix your ship. You continue through the story crafting tiers of crafting tables to get the “next best thing” and completing quests. Throughout your adventure you will kill unique bosses and listen to startbounds Fantastic soundtrack! Conclusion I would suggest you to look at the games state (Current build and community) and think, is this game for me?--tDo I like adventure through space and finding better weapons and resources?--tDo I like following quests and helping NPCS be lazy--tDo I like pimping my house so I can show off to my friends.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Sz2zr3pZEoThis video is about the recent winter unstable update.
