I reported a crime to the local police, then i followed them to the criminals destination, then the criminals started to open fire on the police. Being the amazing covert super agent Adam jensen i proceed to step in and knock out all of the criminals despite the warning given by the police to stay away as i didn't want a policeman/woman losing their lives from my intel, then after helping these amazing justice warriors knocking out the bad guys and saving their lives they proceed to walk up to me and shoot me in the face due to widespread panic.10/10 Never been more encouraged to kill cops in a game
A game that many falllout fans have been waiting for since the great fallout 3 and new vegas has finally arrived. However this game has both great advancements from previous fallouts but is also missing some features that help to match the complexity of those games.First of all the story manages to successfully merge the personal elements of fallout 3 and mesh that in with the faction wars of New Vegas. I found that the world had changed around the choices I made for specific factions especially since they all want to aid the commenwealth in various forms which produces very difficult decisions. These decisions benefit greatly from your voiced character which made me more immersed into this world as well as making my relationships with certain characters meaningful and memorable since the dialogue becomes much more interesting once you get to Diamond City.The biggest improvements however are the combat and crafting. Combat is fluid and fun to play but also has strategic depth in how u approach certain situations which is where the crafting system comes in. All weapons in the game can be heavily modifed and changed to suit how u want your character to play. For example a normal pipe pistol can be changed into a powerful sniper rifle that can gun down raiders from afar. The armor customisation isn't as in depth except for the power armour which allows you to improve damage resistance as well as adding cool features such as JET PACKS!!!Settlements are a nice little addition to the game but aren't really a necessity to play the game. However if u want a place to call home in the wasteland there are a variety of options to help make your own fortress provided you have the resources and perks to allow you to make something that you are proud to make. The perk and SPECIAL systems have been combined to help make much more interesting character builds as they restrict you from being a jack of all trades at the beginning of the game. However you can change your playstyle by adding special points to access new perks that are tailored for a different playstyle. For example if u want to be a stealthy ninja who also wants to be good at guns would spec in agility and perception. Or if you want to be a charasmatic and lucky idiot u would spec in charisma and Luck.These new additions however come with some drawbacks and missing features. For example the repair system is gone which I understand is to help make gunplay more fun and enjoyable but it drastically takes away from that survival aspect of the game. Another missing feature is the karma system which is basically been replaced by the reputation systems from Skyrim but sometimes the game automatically forces you to go down a specific path that doesn't reflect who your character is. And like every Bethesda game there are numerous bugs and glitches that dampened my experience. One bug resulted in left arm being crippled permantly forever since the game thinks that the limb has been teared off of my body. Another bug resulted in Vats teleporting me from the middle of the wasteland into the centre of Boston ended up getting me ambushed and killed by super mutants. The biggest issue with exploration is that the inner city Boston has so many performance issues. When I'm out in the wasteland i achieve a consistent 60 fps on Ultra settings. When im in Boston it varies from 20-45 fps depending on certain areas of the map.However these flaws don't take away from the fact that this fallout game was what I have wanted for a long time and it allows me to experience the wasteland in a new way that I haven't before. This is one of my favourite games of the yewar and I would recommend it. A solid 9.5/10
Even though this is a negative review I understand why many people enjoy Farcry 2.The open world feels rich, the combat is brutal and intense and the story builds up to an interesting point which helps to make it fun.The negative: I find that this game is against you the entire time since there is no real point in liberating outposts like there was in Farcry 3, the world is threating and unforgiving but in a way that makes me feel like the game is constantly being cheap and punishing me for try to play the way that I want which is mostly stealth. Also even though the story is good it doesn't make much sense at times and it just feels like that you want to get a faceless character to survive in a fiery hellhole in the African sahara. I would give this a 6/10 which is something that I really thought hard about but I felt everything in 2 was done better in farcry 1 and 3.
