With the recent patches made to this game Tier 4 is being crushed due to tanks that they can do nothing against. That is no the worst part, anyone who says anything on it about the forums is having their thread locked. Do not play this game you are encouraging the developers to do crazy things like this, or if you do play it stay away from any battle rating in tank battles higher than 5.0, it is ruled by tanks you are nothing but cannon fodder to. As I said the devs are silencing anyone who voices a negative opinion on this topic. They also DO NOT listen to the community as planes have been asked to be taken out of tank battles ever since they were implemented and Gaijin have firmly stated they are staying
I have played it for a bit, gotta say, I have seen better things come from Beiber's rear. This game is rubbish, it is by far the definition of Pay 2 Win. Oh whats this? you wanna snipe? moneymoneymoney. Oh whats this you want a better tank so yours doesn't get obliterated? moneymoneymoney. I get it's beta but can I just say I have seen better alphas and trust me, unless you are okay with getting it handed to you by people with either A) No life or B) A loose credit card. Seriously you need to A) Lose your life to get better gear or B) A loose credit card, also not to mention the INVINCIBLE tanks, if you are infantry good luck with that nades are useless and fidly and a rocket is about as hard to get as a drink of water in the sahara. Oh and when you do FINALLY get one, good luck, you'll need it it is about as effective as a knife in a gunfight, only the guy holding the gun has alot of  armor and the gun is the size of a cannon, oh yeah, not to mention I have seen faster loading times and matchmaking times from LESS popular games
I want to recomend this game but I cannot due to the very poor connection around certain times. Most aspects of this game are great, the only issue is the tutorial isn't so great and when you finish it you will find yourself quite overwhelmed. It jumps you straight from learning how to fish to going to the hardest world in the game that requires an item to get to which is insanely hard to make. Overall while I like this game and most of it's aspects I have had a more experienced player guide me through how to do stuff and what everything does however most people will not likely have someone to help them. If I recomended the game all you would end up doing is spending alot of your time confused and using google. There is also the connection issues as well as a whole bunch of other issues like crashing and whatnot.
Terrible game, though this is based solely on the fact that it has DayZ syndrome in that if people see you, people kill you. So not bad game, bad community
Best $6 I've ever spent and I say no matter if it's on sale or not GET THIS GAME, THROW MONEY AT IT RIGHT NOW!!!
This game is creepy.....though thats coming from someone who is EXTREMELY jumpy but if you're a fan of the horror genre buy this game if not WALK THE OTHER DIRECTION
I'm going to start off by saying, yes, it is a good game however it has some issues.For one, for some people, you have to disable upnp which can affect stuff in your house and some people may not have the option to access their modem settings rendering the game completely unplayable thanks to a bug that has been in the game since launch. It also has random crashing, infinite loading screen and sometimes performance issues. The playerbase itself isn't the greatest, you get the teams that kill you because you are not doing something the way they want it or the people who tear down your barriers only to put up their own. Because of these issues I cannot recomend the game as it is uncertain if you will even be able to play it.
