it feels like a really ♥♥♥♥♥ty cash-in, but at least all of high moons good gamplay is there..... except for amazingly overpowered enemies. the story is pathetic. cutscenes are lower quality and have a lower volume than the actuall game. the multi-player tag is missleading. the only multiplayer is escalation. if you have played the other transformers games, you would know that escalation and multiplayer were 2 diffrent things. in this game its the same, which is to say, co op wave survival. character creation is gone for online, instead replaced with mystery boxes that will either unlock weapons for bothe multi/ and single player, or just a character for multi. its a really bad game, and id only reccomend it for people who want a difficult game, coz thats all it does
multiplayer on this game is pretty epic. the story is well done, and there is a lot of secrets u can find. one problem is your story, and collectable progress doesnt cloud save, but multiplayer does.
teamwork is where its at in this game. practice combos and strategy to beat people, or u goin to git rolled
rather dissapointing, as i thought this was suppost to be an improvment of the original. yes the stroy and art has been updated, but in game still looks the same as ever, upgrading has been reduced to a single type of scrap, to the 3 types from the original. the platforming was overly annoying, in comparrison to the original. various - improvements- felt like downgrades. bombs have become quick refulled items, instead of a tool that must be crafted using scrap you have found, as with repair kits.  the art ingame and in cutscene are clearly 2 diffrent things. considering how long ago the original came out, i really thought the game would look great by now, however it retains the original look even tho in cutscenes ARES has an updated look. valkyl,(your support ) was in the last game, and in this one. in the first she looked like a CG anime character, she behaved and talked like a machine, in this however, she has become a saturday morning cartoon, with a lot more humanity, to say this is a complaint is a slight understatement. i do like the new valkyl and the old; but the old is my fav. she was cool no matter what happened, and she fired orbital death beams for u!. to say this game is the - EX- is a bit of misscommunication. its more of a redux than anything, and its sad to say it hasnt been for the better. what has been done has taken what i did like from the game and made it a lot harder to continue to like it. also i think the original has been taken off steam, if so then you have missed out on the best version of this game ( PS i like this valkyl too, just the old one more.)
lol how did this get overwhelmingly positive? sound glitches, pausing mid game for loading. and thats just running the game. the art is pretty good, however some characters and stages have hardly any detail; looking like something coming from ms paint. gameplay its a sonic game, however the game doesnt copy the controls, it tries to replicate it, and it does so poorly, as the bearly work or function they way you would expect. story wise, sure story is there; but i you wont care about it, coz its so.....booooooooring, and uninclusive. you feel as tho the story is happening without you.  All this game did was remind me that there is better indy games and that sonic games are still the best at what it does. now all i want to do is play sonic, so that i can play a good sonic game! OH lord i almost forgot about this; the controlls arnt as pinpoint as you would like, and that does come into play at some bossfights. enemy placement was not planned out IMO, and all the sprites of the playable characters looked like modified sonic ones. noticable especialy during one of the dash attack animations. honestly have people who reviewed the game actually played it? one of the reasons i got it was from the reviews, and hey look how that turned out
play it
this game is difficult when it needs to be, and thats because it gets epic. the reason your killing may be questionable, and you may or may not get an awnser. however there are many collectables, unlockable wepons and abilities that make it a good game
you will die. alot. like seriously, alot
