Is good9/10
[EDIT:] As of the 15th of June, 2016, playing in public lobbies with friends is officially supported, which is boosting my rating from 8.5/10 to 9/10.Dead by Daylight is a very fun and intense 1v4 survival game.Keep in mind this is NOT a co-op game. It is more of a everyman for himself game, but you can work together if you wish.Regardless, we are here for the actual review.There are two teams: The Survivors versus The Killer.The Survivors have to activate a series of generators in order to power up a door to escape.The Killer has to hunt, chase and capture survivors, where he then impales them on a meathook. The Survivor on the hook slowly bleeds out, and any remaining survivors can choose wherether to try and save them, or leave them for dead.The round ends when all 4 survivors have escaped, died or a combination of the two.After each round, each player earns a currency called 'Bloodpoints', which can then be spent in the 'Blood Web.' Bloodpoints are shared across all 7 playable characters, while each character has their own unique Blood Web.Each survivor has 3 unique perks that only they have access to. For example, every survivor has the option to get 'Small Game', which allows them to highlight bear traps at a small radius, but only Jake Park has the option to get 'Iron Will', which reduces the noises he makes while injured.As the survivors get higher in their Blood Web, they get 'teachable perks', which lets the other survivors get those originally unique perks. Other then these perks, the survivors don't have any other unique abilities, and have to rely on stealth to make it out alive.Similar to the survivors, the killers also have 3 unique perks, which can later be taught.There are 3 different killers, with more being included in the future.The Trapper is able to set beartraps around the map, catching survivors who walk into them.The Wraith is able to become semi-invisible, making it easier to sneak up on the survivors.The Hillbilly has a chainsaw. Yeah, you can guess what that does.The Killer plays entirely in a first-person perspective with a very low field of view. This is meant to simulate real predators in the wild, who focus solely on hunting their prey.On the other hand, the Survivors play in a third-person perspective, which allows them to look around corners without exposing themselves. They are meant to focus on situational awareness, and staying alive.The Survivors have no way of fighting back to the Killer, and they have to rely on hiding, fleeing and delaying the Killer to have a chance of surviving.All in all, this has been a very enjoyable experience, and I will give it a 8.5/10.
* Saw the plane deploy the supply drop* Chased after it* See four well-equiped men* Hide in bushes* -By the way, there is a naked guy in that bush over there-* They start shooting at me* I run for my life screaming* I fall off a cliff and go down* I start screaming for help* They start shooting at me* A random helps me up* Random is shot and killed* I swim away to safety11/9 Game Of The Year
I really enjoy PAYDAY 2, as do many of my friends. It's a vast improvement over PAYDAY: The Heist in many ways. The amount of customising  guns and masks is pretty good, and I also enjoy how many heists there are compared to PDTH. I don't really enjoy how much grinding you have to do each time you become infamous, but that's to be expected. There are some gameplay mechanics that could be improved on such as the visibility in stealth and the sync issues, but overall, I give this game a solid 7.5/10. Still issues that could be worked on, but a good game either way.
