If you enjoyed Wolfenstein: The New Order, you will definitely enjoy The Old Blood. If you never picked up The New Order, this is a cheap alternative as well as a prequel to decide if you wish to buy the main game. Keep in mind that this review might contain minor spoilersThe Old Blood is definitely worth the 20 dollars on the steam shop (depending on where you live of course, i refused to pay $40 AUD so i got it somewhere else)This Standalone Expansion/DLC is what companies should be doing instead of this stupid 3 maps or season pass setups and I-'m glad that Machine games brought this system back.The old Blood is 8 Chapters long, shorter than the main campaign of course but for 20 dollars its definitely worth it. While you don-'t get all the futuristic weaponry of the new order like the assault rifle combined with rockets, there are still a variety of weapons that make the game seem a little bit fresh. A useful addition is a rusty old pipe which can be split into two parts so you can climb cracked walls and use it as a melee weapon in silent takedowns as well as a open up doors, keeping them open while slide running to get past heavy doors. Although i did prefer a knife it was a nice alternative for a melee weapon. Theres also the addition of a bolt action rifle and another huge shotgun that i suspect alot of people will come to love if they go the shoot first ask questions later play style over the stealth approach. Your enemies of course are the Nazis, which include a vicious Dog handler who seems to spend a little to much time with them to be a people person, a stuck up commander who only cares about results and a rude, wine loving historic researcher high in the Nazi ranks, what-'s not to love. Oh and like RTCW you get some of the more... Non-Conventional enemies.The perk system is a back as well although there does seem to be a perk that can quickly annoy you if you keep holding the sprint button while trying to go backwards.There are also the usual collectibles, letters, gold and concept art as well as information on characters which when you go hunting for them will definitely give you more time to enjoy the scenery while exploring the areas of Castle Wolfenstein and the village of Wulfburg, a historic city that seems to have its own dark secrets that the Nazis wish to uncover and use for their own agenda. Your job of course is to stop them, stepping into the shoes of one William -B.J.- Blazkowicz If there are people who have played The New Order you will recall a bed that would let you play the first level of Wolfenstein 3D. Well The Old Blood adds to that by adding the ENTIRE first episode in hidden locations, 1 for each chapter and you even get to vs. Hans Grosse! This is definitely a welcome addition although for some reason the music tracks of the games are randomized and the first levels track doesn-'t even seem to be there at all (it might be there but when I did every level I did not get it) and I was a little disappointed that the SS soldiers in the Wolfenstein 3D levels didn-'t scream Schutzstaffel! (protection squad!) and Mein Leben! (My Life!) when you killed them. Those words made them a memorable enemy for me and it was a shame I didn-'t get to hear them here. There are a couple of down sides though as well as a bit of confusion. A little bit into the game there were these super soldiers connected to electric generators hooked up on pipes that would deliver electricity to their battery packs. They only appear in this one area and then disappear till the last chapter which they really could have made more use for in later chapters. The confusing bit is that of the identity of your starting companion. Wesley. Now this could be a nod to agent one from RTCW and is a different character or he somehow (and there should be no way that he did) survived his electrocution in Return to Castle Wolfenstein. I believe that this game comes after the events of RTCW or 2009 chronologically. Kind of confuses you there but you can check the timeline on the Wiki page if you wish (although no confirmation as of yet). The ending did feel a little underwhelming but did an alright job connecting the game to the new order. You also do need to make another choice but the only thing this seems to affect is the concept art you get in a specific chapter.Finally there are challenges you unlock after getting to specific areas of a chapter which you can choose the difficulty for and will give medals depending on how well you did.I personally didn-'t have any issues with the game crashing, locking up causing any kind of problem with my PC. The game was easy to alt-tab out and in with no lag or frame loss whatsoever and automatically paused when you did so if you did hit that combination accidently you wouldn-'t just die offscreen. If you are sick of all these military like shooters coming out nearly every year these days. Wolfenstein: The Old Blood is a perfect choice to get off that road and try something different.I give this game a 9/10.
Finished this on the brand new hardcore difficulty and i enjoyed every moment of it!Anything new? Well let’s see, they have added graphics options including some FOV options (default is 74), and a much better key binding system than the original pc release which did the key bindings outside of the game although the sub sections might be a little annoying to me but others might like them. There’s also a thing in the graphics options called saturation. Really this is just the brightness slider but there are other sliders there that let you give the game a bit of a colored tint to it. I don’t see much use in it but it seems like a nice little feature if you like to see the game in red or somethingAs mentioned before their is a new difficulty level called hardcore. I went straight for it and its kinda like a doom nightmare difficulty for Turok. Enemies do more damage move a helluva lot faster, fire faster and in this games case respawn faster (this they respawn already) although i'm pretty sure it does not affect bosses. Did i rage? A little of course because of the difficulty i chose. Did i still enjoy the game? The answer is hell yes.The game runs much smoother than its original counter parts it runs at 60 fps and doesn’t seem to have the slowdown effects that the N64 had when many enemies were on the screen or too much gunfire going round etc. If some people are sticklers for the old fog there is an option ingame under gameplay options called extend draw distance. Turning it off switches the fog back to the classic Turok style.  Turning it on doubles the distance so you see further. Honestly up to you how you play.Theres a load of enemies to deal with from knife and staff wielding ancient soldiers to dinosaurs with weapons attached to their arms. Dunno what more you could ask for from that!I did have a crash once in game and once when closing but they seemed to have been fixed extremely quickly.Honestly if you’re a fan of old shooters especially exploration ones. Pick this game up.  This port is much better than the original, the music doesn’t cut out, increased view distance, much smoother gameplay and a variety of options to edit makes this a great pick up.Now alot of people are complaining about the price and im pretty sick of this little argument. This wasnt just a remaster of the PC port of Turok. They did this on a new engine, had to change a few things and redo all the stuff from scratch. Its not like they can just copy it over and it works. It takes time and money. Since this game is much more polished than most of todays AAA titles (im looking at BO3  which i played over the free weekend and the latest batman), it crashed less, it runs fine, doesn't need a top of the line system and for 20 USD is an excellent purchase for a single player game.
