This game is making great strides. Combat used to be boring, but with recent changes now it is fun. Recent additions include massive amounts of new content (a result of several new staff hires over the past months), great improvements to crafting, ongoing performance improvements, new linked underground areas to explore and much more. The development team continues to listen to its player base and has shown its willingness to change direction when necessary. SotA has the most mature, supportive community I have ever come across in a multiplayer game.
This game looks promising... HOWEVER:As of today (20th Dec 2013) it does not let you save where you are up to and continue playing later.It also doesn't seem to remember my 2560 x 1440 resolution setting.I can live with the second, but not knowing how long this game takes to play through, I won't try again until the first problem is fixed.
Amazing. I enjoyed playing this game more than any other game this year. Stunning scenery, innovative puzzles, an engaging story and solid execution. My only criticism is that it was too short. I wanted more!
I play a lot of games covering a lot of genres. This is the only game I have played this year that resonated on an emotional level. I have no hesitation in saying that so far it is for me the best game I have played in 2014.
This is a very pretty game. Unfortunately at the time of writing the resolution options did not extend to 2560 x 1440 or higher, although the devs have promised to implement these.I found the -story- was in fact a paper thin substrate devoid of coherent plot and character development, upon which was layered a prolonged and self indulgent philosophical discourse. But that-'s just my opinion. You may like that kind of thing. Fair warning though: I liked Dear Esther, I did not like this.I still have not completed the game because all I get in the last chapter is a black screen - unless that is intended, in which case the presentation was way to subtle for me.I-'m going to recommend this game because I know that there are people for whom it will appeal, and the problems that I encountered are able to be fixed without too much effort. 
This is undoubtedly one of the best value games available on Steam. Between the official (and user created) DLC, Steam Workshop mods and replays, it has so far entertained me for 808 hours. For the Legendary Edition, that works out to a cost of around six cents per hour to inhabit one of the richest RPGs available. Thoroughly recommended.
One word. Hats.
