Absolutely fantastic game! Captivating story, great gameplay, and characters that make the expirience even better! It gets difficult occasionally, but only to the extent that when you complete the mission/task/whatever, you achieve a sense of acomplishment. The plot is incredibly well thought out, with twists and turns at every corner. In fact, the only thing better than the story, is the gameplay itself. After a little getting used to, the combat becomes enjoyable. Whether you're taking on a few thugs, a titan, or both at once, i can guarantee that you will find it entertaining. The upgrade system has improved significantly from what it was in arkham asylum. I'm not going to lie, using the cryptographic sequencer was a bit of a struggle, but after more frequent use, became an exellent adition to batman's repetoire of gadgets. And then there's the voice acting. Absolutely amazing. The cast was perfect, and all portrayed the characters brilliantly. The only thing that i dislike about this game was that it ended. Game of the Year is an understatement. This is one of the greatest games ever made. Whether you're a fan of batman, or not, this game will prove to be a fantastic expirience that you will never forget. Thank you rocksteady, for creating the best supehero game ever made.
Free is too expensive for this game. Hell, i probably wouldn't even play it again if i was payed. I've played this game for about thirty minutes. That was all i needed.
Jesus Christ, i don't know where to begin with Hotline Miami. I'll start by saying it's difficult. Really difficult. You will die ALOT! Within 5 hours i got an achievement for dying 1000 times. It will be frustrating, but it will be addictive, and you will have an amazing sense of accomplishment when you manage to clear the more difficult levels. I recommend playing in short bursts. Maybe two ot three levels at a time. Unfortunately, this is unlikely. it is so much fun to play that you will trick yourself into playing for longer than you should.But yeah, recommended. 9/10Try not to die too much.
