Yes, the first few missions may be dull: Slice this, snipe that and so on. But that isn't the point. The point is, you need to work as a team. Sure, I may be a Star Wars fan myself but this doesn't affect my opinion on this fantasic game. To the people who say the graphics make up the game entirely, just do yourself a favour and don't play a single game for the rest of your life. Sure, the graphics in this game aren't up to scratch with today's standards but they sure were back in the good days of 2005. To be honest, I think they're great! The gameplay and story line is simply amazing. It brings you back to Geonosis, Kashyyk, an abandoned Republic Cruiser and a few other places. I don't think there is another Commando game out there that is based on Star Wars. But if there is, this has got to be one of the best around. I spent heaps of time playing Star Wars Battlefront 1 & 2 and let me tell you, those are amazing games too. The squad that you play with is also very responsive and helpful (unlike in many other games). They'll do what you tell them to do. No questions asked. Unless they are under heavy fire and it is protocol-wise required to defeat the enemy first (goddammit just revive me already haha). Scorch really does keep the squad alive with his 'jokes', athough he can say it the wrong times.But too bad Lucas Arts and Pandemic have left the Star Wars games, they were doing a fantastic job. Anyway, overall this is a fantastic game and I hope it won't be forgotten. If you are looking for a multiplayer, try going to Star Wars Battlefront 2. That is also an amazing game. I'll give it 9.5/10. Buy it already if you haven't! Have fun! :)
Nostalgic is the feeling that you should get when playing this fantastic game. This is the squeal to the famed and fantastic game, Star Wars Battlefront (1). The campaign takes place in the mid-late Clone Wars era. You play as a battle-hardened soldier from the 501st legion (aka Vader's Fist) lead by Jedi Knight/General Anakin Skywalker. The campaign takes you through multiple planets and systems such as: Mygeeto, Kashyyyk,  Felucia, Utapau, Kamino, Hoth, The Death Star and many other planets/battle grounds. Not only can you play as Clone Troopers, Droids, Rebels and Storm Troopers, but you can also play as many different Jedi and Sith. Gameplay wise, you are able to play as 6 Different Classes. These include: Normal Infantry, Heavy, Scout, Engineer, Special class 1, Special class 2 and Jedi/Sith (You will need to unlock these characters through points earned during the battle). Did I mention you can also use and command a variety of different vehicles? From small AT-RT's to Gigantic AT-AT's, these are only some of the MANY different vehicles that are able to be used. Having multiple tanks on your side can mean a swift victory for you and your team. But what if you are going against them? Well, mines and rockets are always available for your use in demolitions. In this Battlefront, you are also able to participate in space battles. They too, are fantastic and fun to play. Multiplayer wise, the Game Spy severs for this game have been shut down. Although, don't give up your hope. Third Party hosts such as Game Ranger allow you to host and join servers set up by other people. This can still supply you and your friends with the nostalgia received from this amazing game. Here is the Game Ranger site: http://www.gameranger.comEven the best games have a few little flaws here and there. A few things I think that should've been included in this game  can include more squad commands. In the previous Battlefront, there were 4 commands. They include; 'Follow Me', 'Move out', 'Hold Position' and 'At Ease'. These squad commands can prove to be extremely helpful for strategically capturing command posts and ultimately, winning battles. It also would've been good if they added commands for star fighters. For example, if you pressed the 'Follow Me' key, the fighter you were looking at would start following you and so on.  All in all, this game is very fun, balanced and extremely enjoyable for both Star Wars and Non-Star Wars fans alike. I can't wait for the next Battlefront game. If you do at any time, get bored of the same maps, you can always download mods from the Battlefront community. They can supply you and your friends with an endless amount of fun! I'll give this game a 10/10, it's absolutely fabulous! If you are a Star Wars fan and haven't got it yet, buy it immediately!
All good things must come to an end. But not for COD MW2 any time soon. With the 347 Hours that I have played, I've found hope for the Call Of Duty Community. Back when it was the main COD that everyone used to play, people usually played 'normally'. By this I mean people didn't run around with tubes, Duel G18's and what not. Trickshotting also played a big part. IMO, MW2 has been one of the most successful Call of Duty's to this day. It is still a fantastic game both singleplayer and multiplayer wise. The multiplayer community is still alive. But you'll usually see the same people play with you when you enter every time. Which isn't necessarily a bad thing in itself. I absolutely love this game and would play it again at anytime. 9.5/10 from me. I just love pwning the noobs, don't you? Have fun!
Said my GPU temp was at 95°C. It wasn't wrong because I left 2 gummy bears next to my fans and they all melted within 4 minutes. Now if I try running The Witcher 3 on High settings, I should be able to boil water...10/10 - Would transform a freezing House in a typical Russian Winter into a desert again.
I've been playing for a pretty long time now before this came out on steam but all I can say is that this game is amazing. The ability to fly, ride bikes, drive tanks-Jeeps-and APC's in a WW2 setting is just great. You start off as a basic infantry soldier and from there, once at the right rank, can transfer to different classes (with a certain amount of in-game credits depending on the class) such as the pilot, recon, tank crewman and paratrooper (keeping in mind you can always change back to the infantry man). You unlock many weapons while playing and these include MG's, SMG's, Sniper rifles, Bolt Actions, Rocket Launchers, Anti-tank grenades/mines, Anti-personnel mines, Pistols and heaps more. You are also free to mod most guns for in-game credits. You also unlock many vehicles depending on the type of soldier you are. As a tank crewman, you unlock different tanks. As a recon, you can unlock motorbikes and Infantry Fighting Vehicles. As a pilot you (by default) get an aircraft. As a paratrooper you can't unlock any vehicles so far.  As infantry, you can unlock Jeeps, motorbikes and Armoured Personnel Carriers (APC's). These vehicles, if well driven, can be as fast as Sanic hte Hedjhag (500 fasts/h). You also earn ribbons for doing certain things such as capturing outposts, killing people using certain weapons, destroying enemy tanks with your tank, driving vehicles and so much more. With these ribbons, you can unlock heaps of things including weapons and vehicles. Cheers guys and see you in-game if you're from Australia cause I’m sick of playing with 400 ping.I may not by playing Heros and Generals though steam though due to the fact I still prefer the Browser Version better.I give this 420/10Spunsured by Moundain Chew n Doritos  PC + supplies of mountain dew = Loomynarty /_--
