This being my first Tomb Raider game I ever played I will try give you my best summary of this game as to if it is worth buying.The short answer is yes, IF it is on discount. $20 is quite a lot of the content that you get in my opinion. It doesn't have a lot of replayable aspects to it and the gameplay is very controlled.My major pros were:* The beauty, amazing visual performance* Fun, action packed gameplay* Very accesible, meaning it's well suited for new gamers as well* Fun mechanics such as climbing, free running sort of movementsMy major cons were:* Very controlled gameplay, the game gives you a very easy path to follow* The storyline is average, it comes over as not very well thought about* Customization in my opinion is meh-ishOverall a 7/10 game, Definetely worth playing trough if you get it on sale!
Possibly the funnest FPS i've played in a very long time, I love everything about this game. Great weapon customisation allows you to make guns how you like them, A unique crafting and hunting system to help you survive the massive open world of the tropical Island. Great storyline that makes you want to complete it. It might be a little pricey but it is worth the money you put in in my opinion.  Just be wary before you purchase this game since it is quite demanding on your system so just make sure you can run it properly before buying this but overall a great game.
One of the best FPS i've ever played :)
Damn!Thats my first impression, it's a hell of a game. It sucks you in from the first second. I have never been a fan of horror games but this is a very nice one, I wouldn't quite call it a horror but it's definetly a thriller. It is keeping me on the edge of the seat with clammy hands troughout. Everyday so far I have been coming back to this for an hour or so.The game mechanics are awesome, the combat feels good and it's really fun. Very large possibility for a stealth approach or an all in guns blazing approach. 9/10!
Jagex bought the game from the developer of the original Ace of Spades and ruined it. It has turned into a worse version of TF2 now and the point of building is quite pointless. They have done everything that they shouldn't have and added a price tag to it.  RIP Old Ace of Spades
Great game if you are a fan of massive battles against monsters with a huge party or maybe taking on the world by yourself. If I was to compare it to another MMO it'd be Diablo 3 but since this is free you might as well try it out. It has very nice character customisation so you can create your very own warrior just how you like him or her to be with a skill tree to choose perks from the size of Russia.This game has greatly improved since the beta and has a nice storyline with multiplayer aspects to it. Fun game to play with friends.
A very nice RTS game, epic battles, massive sieges and a fun campaign. Be aware that it is quite an old game with quite old graphics so don't expect wonderful visual performance but still a fun game to play. Probably better of getting this game on sale since but $12.99 isn't massively over priced.
A very fun game with great new mecanics and some very interesting characters how ever it is over priced in my opinion for the time you can actually play it for. I completed the game on normal difficulty in 15 hours and you could probably do it a bit quicker so just be aware of that.Overall a fun game with a good story and definetely worth a play if you can get it on sale!
