Probably has the best, most extensive and elaborate character customisation of any game, a ridiculous passive skill tree, unique and varied active skill mechanic allowing you to truly make any sort of character you want as long as you're willing to put in the work to get there. Oh yeah, there's a ton of loot aswell.
When I saw the other user reviews I thought that their playtimes were ridiculous and that you can-'t jugde it based on 0.3 hours but when I tried it I found you can judge it on 0.3 hours, the -tutorial- doesn-'t tell you anything about all the numbers popping on screen, it doesn-'t bother eplaining them, fortunately it-'s kind of obvious what they mean. It gives off the impression that it-'s a basic match 3 game but NOPE it-'s not, it-'s got various mechanics that might have actually been cool. However they don-'t bother explaining these until you have already figured them out, with the exception of the powers they do tell you about those.   Speaking about the powers, the ones they start you off with at first seem cool with Iron Man-'s repulsor blast dealing like solid 63 damage but later on the enemies have so much health it begins to suck. Also the story, I can-'t say I payed much attention to it because it was dumb but the writing was horrible it was cheesy and boring, not even cheesy and funny just boring and and the beginning they start off with Iron Man, yeah fine whatever but then they throw in Storm, for no reason at all just because why not, lets throw in a completely unrelated character to team up with Iron Man to take down some lame ♥♥♥ bad guys and the enemies have unoriginal names, like soldier and sniper. There is probably a pay to win aspect but I couldn-'t play it long enough to notice, oh wait yes I could in the first 5 minutes they tried to force me to use some healing thing to heal my hero which wasn-'t even badly damaged, if you don-'t heal your heroes they can-'t fight no matter how much health they have, they could be only 5 hp short and you-'d just have to wait for them to heal or use up one health pack if your lazy and eventually enemies deal enough damage to prevent you from playing for a minimum if 4 minutes if you don-'t use the health pack, how do you get more health packs? You either play missions which you can-'t do because your hero is injured or you buy them. Don-'t waste your time with this go play Bejeweled on your phone or something instead.
Does for video games what Saving Private Ryan did for film. It does make you feel like a total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ afterwards, which isn't a bad thing in this context
