I Remember buying this game 3 years ago. I messaged my friend asking for good games for around $15 and he then sent me a link for this. 1 hr later I was playing on a star Wars Rp sever being a noob and asking people how to use commands and how to pick jobs. That sever then shut down and I played on all sorts of severs never staying for long on each one (Apart from Pro-un-Pro which i played 2 weeks on). I found my self looking for another sever to play on when I remembered a lostInPlace video on a game mode called PrisonRP I joined it, Donated for V.I.P and 3 weeks later got Moderator Then Admin. I still remember banning little kids that said they would DDOS me and Russians Screaming ♥♥♥♥ Blat. 1,464 hrs (78 Days) on I remember this like YesterdayI strongly Recommend this game for new steam users or anyone looking for a cheap game that wont get boring(but not if your 12)
Just another example of a Good Game that will never die. I bought this game so i could have extra textures for Garry's Mod and decided to play it one day, After 2 hours i was outstanded by the game it is Easy to join severs some With Fast DL and Amazing community made maps, It is easy to talk to other players and send messages and everybody gets a good Frame rate. I Recommend this game more the Global Offensive as it is simply better. The only downside is the Graphics that are not to bad for a game made so long ago.Final Score 9/10
Just another Great mod that makes the game more enjoyable, I recommend Jman100s sever for just spawning random stuff and having fun with friends. but Role Play severs are just behind it (because I never Play on Them) If you are into role-playing, The role play severs are not what you would think it is not like Arma 3 altis Life with police ect the only real RP feature is not being able not find cars easily which is a pain. But On a whole A very Good mod not many bugs There are not many bugs I can pick out
A good zombie survival game, The story line is very good but I do wish they Were in order from start to finish. Just a fun game to play by yourself if you have some spare time or with friends, Very easy to find online severs and play with people. I am Praying on L4D3 but as you may already know valve hates the number 3. Many good mods available if you get sick of the game or you are just no into playing campaign
A must have for any CS:GO players or anyone having Lag with MMOs. It takes the delay time away and lowers ping, Yes there are some lag spikes but to be fair it is still in Beta
