Gungeon HaikuI am so sunken,Trying so very hard to,Beat the damn Gungeon.I enter to find,Chaos, Bullets, explosions,Filling up my mind.I dodge, roll, evadeRunning from immenent deathSafe in barricadeI reload my gun,Smile as I find all the fun,THEN I ♥♥♥♥ING DIE BECAUSE THE DEATH PITS IN THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME LOOK THE SAME AS THE REST OF THE ♥♥♥♥ING FLOOR
 Examples of flaws in this game I told my dwarf to fill a tiny gap in the mine but he decided to moonwalk and drop to his death in a pit of lava.(Not going to lie, pretty fancy way to die)Every so often you get a  wave   horde  of enemies that attack you to keep the game a challenge. But if today is not your day, then you can simply place some dirt combined with some ladders (to  really  confuse them)  in their path and you've fixed the problem, they wont be able to pass. SImple as that.  An entire freaking army blocked by DIRT   kinda sad The local wildlife are all phycologically unstable, and thus have come to realise living is not an option. Most animals commit suicide through drowning in tiny puddles across the plains. If it rains you can find corpses of deceased animals littered around.The tech tree is a cool idea, but        I dont want to make a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ roof    IM A DWARF FOR THORIN'S SAKE  WHY DO WE NEED FANCY ROOFS TO MAKE WEAPON'S OF WAR. FLOWERS AND STUFF ARE FOR ELVES.This brings me to another problem, RAIN IS LIKE FLOODS. If you decide to burrow underground you will have a free aquarium. But honestly the game is not bad.  The art style is nice, I enjoy the content and the dwarves are all adorable :3. i really wish that the devs could improve on it though. By making the characters more custumizable. If one of my dwarves die, like the one stated above, I didn't feel much 'sadness', just another dwarf that was suicidal. i just wish that each dwarf is more unique to the others, and when he gains skill level he gets power ups or miscelleanious changes, so that he is different to the lot. I enjoy the game but it sometimes becomes boring due to the tech tree which is a forced manufacture of items you will never use and are expensive to make in order to reach the things you acually want, this concept is in its primary stages and has the potential of improving the game, but at it's current state, the tech tree is more like a forced line of actions, not a choice based decision.So please devs, improve the A.I., make each dwarf more unique and special to the player, and make a better tech tree.
THIS IS AWESOME!!!
My Nuclear throne experience-Woke up in the morning, -decided to use steroids.,-Walked around and found a lightning shotgun,-and a double barrel flame shotgun,-I'm dual wielding two extreme shotguns, becoming a LASER VOLCANO,-realised they use the same ammo type,-now i'm out of ammo,-hid in a little cave and found a wrench,-now its me against the hordes of enemies,-shout battlecry-die-and then i decided to play Nuclear throne.
This  Free   game is honestly better than some   Paid  Games
