im not sure about this game, the mechanics are cool and the whole physics engine behind it works really welli would suggest it for a little local flash game fun if you know what i mean.the game runs smoothly and probably has the worst story line in history ( still better than twilight)but for a flash game it really is fun to play around withI rate it6/10
Ah Gmod, the game that probably most people who have steam should know or own.if you do not have this game BUY IT!!!Garry's mod is the fine works of FacePunch, you can literally do almost anything in this game.Flying ♥♥♥♥♥? - POOF! its there, trust me, ive made a few.in Gmod the ability to make and edit the pure essence of anything is there, if you have wanted a flying bathtub; slap some hoverballs 4 thrusters and a seat all welded together with your precious little toolgun.the community is Gmod if you didnt know, the models you download, the wierd addons of banana throwing rocket launchers and chair guns is there purely because the community wanted it to be.seriously buy this game9.8/10
the game is sort of odd in the beginning, you arent sure the base of how it plays and the story isnt so clear.once the intro and first few side and 2 or 3 main quests are completed the game falls into a comfortable setting and environment to play.it runs very much like a baby of skyrim and world of warcraft. there are a couple of classes and races to choose from and a distinct definition is given for what class uses what type of armor and weapons as you find the items throughout the game. i would definately recommend this to someone who is starting out in an open world RPG as the mechanics of the game play easier and you will most likely not want to stop after the first hour or so of playing.I found that the game ran smoothly at around 60 fps around high and i have a gigabyte nvidia gtx 650 1gb GDDR5 card.i guess you can say the game is value for money6.5 / 10
0/10 would not bang with spoons in ♥♥♥♥does not work
when people say this game looks like a game only a mentally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ person would play, you look back at them and show them the glory of selling everything restarting and making it back to that exact same place in 5 minutes. This is what is called pure glory in the eyes of a bald american capatalist eagle which somehow glides gracefully through the amazing amount of money you can earn in less than one second. This is what i call a pure masterpiece of our modern capatalist video game, just remember children earning one quintrigintillion feels like you are earning one quintigintrillion irl. and to conclude this review i am rating this game: : : : : : five 359 glm fast scope-inned to an amazingly wanted hitmarker on the head with a DSR 49 / 1.
nice game to play with friends if your bored but wouldnt recommend this to the RPG nut who probably lives down the road :D. if your bored and just wanna pass time then this game is for you (so is minecraft if your willing to pay) otherwise i recommend to that guy...
this game must be a gift from heaven. only played a few hours but so far im loving it. i highly reccomend this game to people who enjoy FPS/TPS multiplayer games. requires a nack in flying but otherwise it is a good game to play with your buddies.
