This is a pretty relaxing jigsaw puzzle game, fairly barebones. Make sure you turn the sound off on the 'helper' beacuse they she will drive you insane. The fact that you have to rotate pieces can get crazy frustrating on some of the larger puzzles though, I wish you could disable this added challenge as I just play it to relax.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IrGC86PY3ksI bought this game on a whim because it was only $2.50 in a Steam sale. This is one of the best impulse purchases I have ever made, the game is extremely fast paced and rewards learning the levels. It is not unfair like some other 2D platformers that try to be hard for the sake of being hard, this game is very fun and satisfying to play. Controller is highly recommended. You go down a certain number of floors in the tower then fight a randomly selected boss for that level, by performing certain actions during gameplay you can unlock extra weapons & items which randomly drop as you kill enemies. I gifted this to another friend of mine and we both absolutely love it and played it nonstop for the next couple nights (there is no multiplayer though). The music is really cool and the art while basic is quite nice to look at while everything flies past in a blur :)I definitely recommend picking this up in a sale, you won't regret it.
I got this for free from a giveaway and figured i-'d never play it. I was home sick from work one day and was looking through my Steam list and decided to give it a go. The game has plenty of value, there-'s many hrs of gameplay in this title and although the controls feel odd & the graphics are a little dated you can tweak the dosbox config files to give you a little bit better picture.You move around using the arrow keys, with caps lock as toggle run, A as jump, E as use and I to open your inventory. To drink a potion you must press I to open inventroy then left click it so it-'s in your -hand- then press U on the keyboard to use it. Kind of crazy system but once you get used to it then it-'s alright.The combat is interesting because it has melee weapons as well as ranged, it can be hard to judge the melee range at times so I find it best to just stand back and spam the attack button until a hit collides then backpedal and keep swinging again.Similar to other games of the time there are a number of puzzles you must solve by finding items hidden throughout the area and then using them on a certain object to continue. Thankfully this version of the game has the update that enables -easy puzzle mode- which auto equips the correct item when attempting to use something so you don-'t have to madly try everything in your inventory on everything, this cuts down on much frustration and makes for an overall more enjoyable experience.The story is told through strange live action FMVs with terrible green screening, they look really bad by todays standards but the storyline is suitably cheesy that it just seems to work, I feel if the subject was more serious then the low quality would detract from it but I still found the FMVs enjoyable with their retro charm.I would definitely recommend this game although I must say I preface this by mentioning I got the game free from an indiegala giveaway so you may be able to find someone who doesn-'t want their code that you can get it free from. Worth a look at this title to see what the state of gaming was back then as it feels pretty well made.
Pretty nice way to spend 5 minutes, don't expect much from it but it has some nice music. Gameplay is very dull though.
Better late than never? This is a very old mod for Half-Life 1 which has now been released on Steam. I don't know why they bothered because it has not got Steam workshop and is very old now. The game defaults to a 4:3 640x480 resolution and you must manually change the video setting to Widescreen mode and then select your desired resolution. The game freezes on map load for about 30 seconds before you can play, if you click the mouse during this time it will crash to desktop.The maps autodownload on connection in traditional Half-Life fashion but it seems the developers have removed the rate limit of 2.5KB/s for server transfers as they download quite quickly now. Once the map has downloaded you will notice all of the textures are missing and you are running around a black and pink checkerboard map. Once again, no Steam workshop so you must manually hunt out the map and download it off the internet then extract it to your game folder and pray that the server hasn't changed maps by the time you go through this troublesome proceedure.The maps are seemingly designed for singleplayer as on a 6 player server it gets really messy with tons of people getting stuck in doorways/hallways as they are too narrow and you can't walk through other players. For whatever reason the players are actually objects that block you and make it a major pain to navigate the maps.Missing basic functionality such as changing your FOV from the options menu. You must go into console and write in default_fov ## to set your fov. The game doesn't save this settings between launches so you must manually go into your game folder and edit your autoexec.cfg in notepad just to change your FOV.This game is definitely showing its age and the developers don't seem to update it anymore as it missing a ton of basic features for a modern game. I have no idea why they finally decided to put it on Steam since it is far past it's prime.Would I recommend this game in 2001? Yes. Would I recommend this game in 2016? No. They should stop messing around and get sven co-op 2 out on the source engine.
Completely free game, kicks ♥♥♥! They should sell this game it's so good. Comes with map editor & you can mod the files if you are hosting your own server so I imagine this will be supported by the community for quite some time. If you haven't got it already download it and get some friends together for a good time. The game only comes with one campaign which you can finish in a few hours but it is fun and as I said, there is a map editor so you can download many more off the Steam forums or other places.
