Overall score - 8.5/10The main reason why it-'s taken me so long to write this review is because I-'ve been too busy actually playing Middle Earth: Shadow of Mordor.Shadow of Mordor doesn-'t really bring anything groundbreakingly new to the table - apart from the nemesis system, which I-'ll talk about later - but it is very, very well executed. It-'s an action game about slaying hordes of orcs, and it does a very good job of it. A well-crafted game is something of a rarity these days, with early access titles and alphas/betas becoming more and more prominent in the industry. But when you come across a game that is just feels good to play... Wel, it-'s quite nice.Middle Earth: Shadow of Mordor is a joy to play. Slicing heads off orcs is fun. It really comes down to that. It combines a fast, fluid combat system with a fast, fluid navigation system. The animations are brilliant and smooth - you can jump down and stab a dude from nearly any position - hanging, crouching, standing, ect. The gameplay mechanics, while they can sometimes be rather repedetive, are simply fun and addictive. It-'s one of those games where you-'re itching to get home just so you can keep playing that little bit longer.Shadow of Mordor also gives players a respectable measure of freedom. There are two large main areas in the game, both mildly different from each other. Many objects in this world are climbable. Talion (the ghost-ridden wraith-posessed ranger who you play as) will jump a ridiculous height - apparently because the wraith dude inside of him has cool magic and stuff - and then grab a ledge, and repeat. Talion doesn-'t so much as climb, as just jump and grab, jump and grab.Now, onto the nemesis system, the -groundbreaking- new mechanic that everyone-'s raving about.It-'s pretty cool.Middle Earth: Shadow of Mordor manages to pull off two incredible feats - Number one - It makes you feel like a badass, but it also makes you feel like a vulnerable badass.Let me tell you a tale of my experience with this -nemesis system.-I shot this one guy who was holding a crossbow in the eye with my bow, and he came back with a metal plate on his eye. The second time I killed him, I stabbed him in the stomach, and he came back with a big metal armour plate - covering his stomach. The third time I killed him, I just shot him in the back. I was rather relieved that he was dead. But, apparently, he wasn-'t. HE MIRACULOUSLY LIVES, AGAIN, and the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ just kept rattling insults at me as I slashed, stabbed and cut at his face. He had an extremely irritating trait that made him immune to my favourite tactic (leaping over them and attacking them from behind), and he was pretty much impervious to everything I threw at him, so the only way I could kill him was by getting a chain and using an execution on him. Eventully, I finished him off with a decapitation and I just kind of stood there with a look of bewilderment on my face. The satisfaction this game gives you for killing a little ♥♥♥♥♥ who-'s been troubling you for days (real life days, mind you) is seriously scary.But it-'s also why this game shines.This is the game-'s second incredible feat. You begin to feel an emotional connection with the randomly generated guy who you are trying (time, and time again) to kill.Or not. I-'ve met people who couldn-'t give a ♥♥♥♥ about who they-'ve killed and how. They just see the orcs as pawns, insignificant obstacles on the road to success.In conclusion, I really like this game because, quite simply, it is fun to play. The nemesis system is quite a nice touch, and makes killing orcs a little personal, if you care about that sort of thing. The story won-'t blow your socks off, and the combat and movement certainly aren-'t original creations, but everything has been integrated and implemented extremely well into a game that is fun.
It-'s been over 15 hours since I finished Gone Home, and I haven-'t been able to stop thinking about it since.Gone Home is a small indie title published earlier this year by the Fullbright Company, but no-one has really discovered it until about a week ago. That-'s when everyone started buying it, playing it, and loving it.But, firstly, let me talk about the fact that you either love this game, or you hate it. It all depends on what kind of person you are. If you are one of those guys who religiously plays Call of Duty for ten hours every single day, and only thinks a game is good if it has blood, explosions and swearing, and sex; you probably won-'t enjoy this game. At all. People like these can be described as -Action Junkies-. Now, I-'m not saying that all Call of Duty players are Action Junkies; not at all. But, there are some of those people out there, and the majority of them do play Call of Duty.However, I-'m going to call these people Action Junkies simply because most of them don-'t appreciate games that don-'t focus on killing ♥♥♥♥, but focus on telling a more emotional story, or focus on telling a story that-'s designed to make the player think. All of the Action Junkies can stop reading right now, because Gone Home has none of that. It has no gore, no blood, no shooting, swearing, explosions, ect, but It-'s still one of my favorite games of this year. Let me explain why.Gone Home is a beautiful indie game that has conveyed the most believable and incredible emotional experience I have ever had. It blends story with design in a way that I simply can-'t describe. It tells a story that feels real, and true. And it all takes place in a little house for about two hours.In Gone Home, you play a young college girl called Katie who has returned home after a year abroad. However, your family has moved while you were away, and you find yourself in a brand new house. However, when you arrive, the house is empty, and riddled with clues and secrets to uncover. This is genius. Because your Katie-'s family has moved, Katie has never been in this house before, and the character that you-'re playing is just as unfamiliar with the house as the player. But, even if you-'re unfamiliar with the house, you-'re still familiar with the characters, and you still feel part of the story, because you are the other main character-'s sister.As gamers, we have these instincts and assumptions about games that we don-'t even realize. Gone Home takes all that and flips it upside-down. For example, near the beginning of the game, you walk down a dark corridor. Bam. I instantly thought that something was going to leap out at me from the shadows... But it never did. This game is NOT a horror game. However, it still has this keen sense of nervousness and uncomfort to it. Just the feeling of walking around a house, at night, while a storm rages outside, when no-one else is home, kept me on the edge the entire way through the game, especially when I had headphones on. Gone Home also places brilliant hints to scenarios, and you instantly suspect things are something they-'re not. For example, you eventually come across a bathtub stained with blood. However, as you explore the room a little more, you find out that it-'s actually not blood, but red hair dye. That then triggers an audio diary that explains the situation. It-'s a great way to tell a story, and I fear that it-'s some thing that we, as gamers, are seeing less and less of these days.As you walk through the house, you find secrets and pick up clues (Key story clues/secrets are accompanied by brilliant audio diarys). And as everything starts to add up, as everything starts to piece together, and as you start to understand what happenned in that house, you finally understand what an amazing and beautiful story has taken place while you were gone, and you finally understand what a brilliant design feat that this game is.If you ever get the chance to play Gone Home, trust me. Do it. You-'ll come out of it with a completely different mindset and outlook on life, and you won-'t get it-'s beautiful story out of your head for weeks. Playing Gone Home is like watching the most sad/tragic/emotional/uplifting movie ever made, but you-'re part of it. You are in the same place, where the other characters once were, discovering everything that has taken place in that little house.I just hope that when people play Gone Home, they play it with the right mindset and attitude. Like I said, If you play it with an attitude of an Action Junkie, you probably won-'t even spend the time to finish the game. But if you jump into Gone Home ready for a great story, great design, and a great game, you won-'t be disappointed.10/10. - Chris Walsh.
I'm writing this review in a desperate attempt to keep the average likes of the game above 50%.I enjoyed this game immensely, and I love it. It's awesome. Sure, there isn't that much innovation after Civ V, but the atmosphere, tone, and attitude of BE is so much better.
Woah.Transistor was good. Really good.Supergiant games has somehow managed to perform the incredible feat of jumping over the already extremely high bar they set with Bastion.The Atmosphere/Visuals were 10/10. I felt drawn into the world, and I felt like it was believable. Also, the brilliantly hand-painted artwork that makes up the game world was extremely beautiful.The Music was 10/10. Wow. Ashley Barrett can really sing, and Darren Korb... well, he's a legend.The Story was 10/10. I was hooked on the story of Red throughout the entire game, all the way up until it's brilliant ending.The Combat was 9/10. Even though the combat was addictive and very well designed, some enemies and areas still felt repedetive. However, there's loads of room for replayability.Negetives: The game froze for about half a second every few minutes. It doesn't sound like much, but it really pulls you out of the brilliantly hand-crafted game world and back into miserable reality. Also, there was quite a bit of screen-tearing. It'd be nice if V-sync was an option.All in all: I loved it.10/10.
