For something so cheap, this is well worth the cost. The amount of customisation is unreal, plus it has that addicting sandbox feel to it. Can't wait for the finished product.
Gunslingers itself is fun,I enjoyed it when the matchmaking system actually gave us even geared teammates and opponents (which may explain why we only won two matches) But the micro transactions are too prevalent to ignore. Would I recommend this game to my friends currently, maybe depending on whether they can deal with the micro transactions, would I recommend this game if the micro transactions were removed or even balanced? Absolutely. Hopefully with this game being in early access, they will respond to the community’s gripes with them and remove them, because this game has potential to be good, real good. Check out the full review at http://imagengames.com/gunslingers-mercs-for-sale/
Honestly, this game was a huge surprise, albeit a good one. I thought this was just going to be another minecraft clone, but the way it looks and the way it runs. Honestly I like it, for an early access game it appears to have a lot of content, and it runs smoothly even on the highest settings for me. Though there are microtransactions at the moment, the devs have already told me they are trying to rethink the way they will do this due to popular demand. I made a video of it, I planned to stop at 30 minutes but I just got that into it that I ended up going for an hour. End of the day I would reccomend it, though I havent tried multiplayer as none of my friends have it... yet :Dhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l6j9mm3Q6cA
This game is amazing, you can choose to play it just about however you want, the map is expansive, the enemies are the same strength as you forcing you to rely on skills. Aside from one regularly occuring crash, the only bugs I encounter are just plain hilarious and actually make the game more enjoyable. I only purchased this game not even a week ago and im already at 24 hours of playing I think. Considering the features which apparently are planned, this game will be one of those ones you just wont get sick of.
