The best word to describe Verdun would be; Brutal. But in a very, very good way.Overall opinion: Fantastic, historical, a damn good game and well worth the price! If it's on sale, it's a must!Verdun one of the most historically acurrate games I've ever played, from being hit by gas attacks, to being shot mid stride and  watching your body slump down into the mud and battling it out in trench warfare on some of WWI most know battlegrounds. Most weapons are extremly satisfying to use, with most rifles downing a charging enemy or and entreched one in one shot, Pistols maybe taking 2 shots on average but having the advantage of being semi-automatic, making pistols extremly formidable even at long range. This game will make you work, espically in the trench warfare mode, where this game comes into its own. You will push up to cover or the enemy trench, most likely die in the process but you know you'll do it again, because there is that chance you will make it into that cover or arrive into the enemy trench, bayonet at the ready. Verdun succeeds in creating a very tense atmosphere from merly lying in no-man's land waiting for your squad or slowly creeping through the enemy trench, knowing that your probably going to get shot from behind. You and your team will have to rtry and detremine which part of the enemy trench is the least defended or create a space for your team mates to enter. The teams I have played on, usually worked together I havent really noticed much toxicity which is a postive thing and I hope it stays that way. Although it can be daunting for new players, as getting shot from seemingly no where can be frustrating and not hitting your mark on long shots because you werent compenstating for bullet drop and travel time can be slightly, Most players will pick things up like compesation and not standing straight up at the edge of your trench or in the middle of no-man's land. Overall this is a history buffs wet dream and damn good shooter, very solid for an early access game although its missing a few minor things. I'd love to see them add more battlefields and more forces, like Gallipoli which would hopefully cause the Dev's to add the ANZAC forces to the game for which the Australian and New Zerland members of the community would be very grateful for, also the addition of more blood and gore would add to the already fantastic immersion. I'm sure the Dec's will continue to polish and improve this game and I cant wait to see what it becomes! 
