STALKER is an game that just sucks you inI honestly almost crap my pants every time the grass rustles. The wind and music just make you feel like you're walking in a place of despair. The campfire and guitar tracks make you relax. Bandits utter Russian swears as they chuck nades and try to kill you with AKMs and all sorts of guns. It's also pretty hard if you're not used to it like I am. Thanks to the immersion I constantly forget to save. 10/10 buy this game or GET OUT OF HERE STALKER
I was going to make a joke about hats but nah.Team Fortress 2 is a fun game. You could spend hours and hours on this game without getting tired of it. Unlike oh-so-srs games it gives you a fun cartoony feel. Like Happy Tree Friends (if you don't know what that is don't google it). TF2 caters to all sorts of people. For hoarders you have hats n ♥♥♥♥, for achievement hunters there's a whole crap ton I can't be bothered to do, for people who like shooting things then TF2 won't dissapoint. Also it's free...FREE. As in not a single cent. 11/10 would play for another 374 hours
While I haven't played this game in a while I can say that the few hours I've played this have been nail-bitingly, ♥♥♥-kickingly fun. Nazi Zombies ain't got nothing on this as the atmosphere of the maps coupled with a pseudo-realistic depiction of a zombie outbreak makes this a very fun game. Not your typical Zombie Bandwagon shooter, 10/10
I was a once a young lad in the year 2012. Team Fortress 2 was getting a bit old and I was wanting for a pseudo-tactical experience. Ruling out Battlefield 3 and Call of Duty I called to mind an old title that has been sitting in my mind for years, ever since the 3rd grade -Counter Strike-. I then went to the store, found the package for CSGO and bought it. I started it up, went onto a DM server, walked a few meters and got AWP-'d. Ever since then things have changed. Some for the better and some for worsethis game can be summarized with 3SSkillSkinsSuffering (when you-'re just starting)A warning though, CSGO isn-'t easily played on a toastermine is a laptop with an i5 2.4 ghz, Nvidia GT 310m, and 4GB ram, on all lowest settings and with a few launch options (-high -nojoy -no3d9ex...etc) and a console command (cl_forcepreload 1) I get a 70-100 frames, 90 frames average on Dust 2Buy this game, even if it-'s not on sale, and have funP.S. don-'t get sucked in by the skins and stuff, they won-'t affect gameplay and if anything make you easier to spot
So after my first 30 minutes of this game I must conclude that it is fantasticThis is the first -old- shooter I played and it makes me want to play all of them. Even with outdated graphics this game gives you an adrenaline rush as intense as that one time your parents almost caught you wanking. Graphics: OLDseriously old looking graphics. The unique thing is the render distance. Most FPS games are corridor-crawlers, not this one. In Serious Sam you wander open fields full of dangerous foes. Controls: mehI-'ve seen quite a few better controls. They feel a bit weird when you first jump in so I thought I-'d get used to them. Then it turns out mouse accel was on and I-'m a bloody idiot. So yeah I recommend adjusting the options before jumping into the game.Gameplay: AWESOMEThe most important part, and it is amazing. Nothing to me is more relaxing than wading through the blood and gore of several enemies to reach ammo and healthpacks. It feels like an 80-'s action film in which you are the main character, and it feels good.Enemies: breddy gudNo lack of variety here. I-'ve seen so many different kinds and as of now I only played 30 minutes.Overall: I-'d give it an 8/10. pretty good go buy it 
Counter Strike is a classic game. Fun, addictive, and customizable. It's incredibly easy to mod, texture and map for so you could expect a whole lotta mods. Pros:-Great gameplay, bit of a learning curve but it'll become second instinct soon enough-Servers are still up, even for such an old game it still has a whole crap-ton of servers. -Modding community is GREAT-Cheap, as in really freakin cheap, not indie game cheap, but still very cheapCons-Most people who you will play with have been playing for longer than I have been alive. Expect to get pwned very very often-Netcode is a ♥♥♥♥♥, adjusting settings using the console takes a hell of a while-People are sometimes way too serious when playing-For Graphics junkies: Graphics are pretty damn old-looking (what the hell do you expect it's GoldSrc)While it's not a perfect game it still provided me with tons of fun and I love playing it. It's a bit slower than CSGO and the weapons behave differently. Conclusion: If you want a nice classic shooter that's light on the pocket and the computer then this along with Half-Life should be in your library
