I wish i could get a refund for this piece of ♥♥♥♥, but i bought it way before they brought out the refund policy.
Saints Row 4 is a recycled Saints Row 3, the art style is the same, it-'s got the same linear missions with a small twist so that you can use the super powers, and the super powers were the worst addition to the game. The art style is terrible, it-'s got the same low resolution textures and the -effects- are just the models of stuff morphing or the textures pixelising. This game has the worst missions, the missions seem fun at the start, but towards the end of the game, the missions are just the same thing repeated over and over again, and to get some good weapons, you need to do linear side missions which are not fun at all, I do not recommend you buy this game unless it is only $10 or less.
Best turn based strategy game I've ever played, has great game customization with different map types and other preferences and options. Definitely recomend for a game alone or with friends.
Saw a dude floating in the air teabaggin sweg/10 wood play again
Bought the game for the lolz, started it up and already knew it was ♥♥♥♥ed, the instant the game started I could hear that the sound was fuzzy and kinda slow but didn't think much of it till I went to start episode 1. The opening voice was robotic af and fuzzy too, I made my way past most of the opening before the game freezes and crashes my graphics card. I tried multiple times but every time i start the game it randomly freezes and crashes my graphics card. 9/10
In the game's current state, it runs like Stephen Hawking in the Boston marathon. The performance is actually worse for me now than when I first played the game a few months ago, the only thing changed between these times are pc upgrades such as getting a high end cpu and motherboard, along with an SSD boot drive. The game itself when it decides to work is actually really good, and I would love to be able to play it. The developers should really focus on optimising their game rather than adding more stuff to bring the performance down. If you have a low-to-medium end gpu, I do not recommend getting this game at all, but if you have something high-end with 4 or more gbs of vram, then I do recommend the game.Edit: I have found a way to improve the performance, even though it still runs pretty bad, the link is: http://segmentnext.com/2015/06/10/ark-survival-evolved-tweaks-guide-to-improve-performance-and-graphics/Edit: I have recently bought a gtx 970 and the game runs pretty well with it, I still stand by the fact that you need a decent gpu to run the game in a playable state. (Have changed from not recommending to recommending)
Sneaking around the corner, with your sniper rifle out, then all of the sudden your noob teammate runs out and gets quickscoped, oh no, last one left gotta make this kill count. Get's a 1080 Y Y quickscope trickshot. 420/69 would play again.
