I need not to rate this game. It's overwhelmingly great. Because this game's tactics and the depth it has is just astonishing. Nothing in the history has yet produced such a great game.
Great game. really fun, and enjoyable. Definitely a great game. You should get it. Why are you still reading this? Go get it!
This game is produced at a high quality. But there are some major flaws that sometimes makes people slam their computer and swear like a mad man (me). First of all, there are only a limited amount of missions. Waaaay les than what happened in the war. Second of all, the path finding of the troops are just fustrating. As I mentioned, I slammed my computer because they couldn't get around a bridge. Thrid, the troops can't fight! They go up to the enemy, fire a few shots, but they can't hit anything! And then they get decimated by the enemy. Third of all, I was in the situation. The enemy hides behind sandbags and my pz III fires a HE round at them. The round does nothing. But then, 5 minutes later, a M8 Greyhound comes in, and it does everything to my panzergrenedire troops. They fell down because a HE round landed 5 meters from him. IT KOCKED HIM OVER. AND HE COULDN'T FIRE PANZERFAUST. Now that is most annoying thing ever. If the enemy can take direct hits from HE, why can't I???? Either way great game. WAAAY better than Company of Heroes 2. Great job.
You should defiently get this game. And plus, its free! Why are you still reading? Get the game now!
Great fun, great game and great everything :)
I highly recommend this game. It very fun, somewhat addictive (not really), great story line (achivements) and haertbreaking decisions. But there are some flaws. For example, when clearing rubble, instead of clearing them, can you go over them? At the military outpost, I didnt do anything, and they said they were going to shoot me! WHY? And then I was brutually murderd by the soilders. FOR DOING NOTHING! But nevertheless, the game is still very good. P.S, is this game based on a real event?
This game can be very fun. But sometimes, I wish there is a mode kinda like a mode in minecraft. -Creative mode-. That is where you can have infinite everything. But that isn-'t my main concern. It is still very fun never the less and worth the money!
