Have been spying this game for a while and I-'m glad I finally bought it.For an early access game, or any game for that matter, the visuals are vibrant, wildlife interesting and crafting system indepth, but not too -grindy-. The fact of the game offering several modes - survival (most realistic), freedom (best for exploring) and creative (best for building) - also makes it playable at a range of different difficulties, thus appealing to a wider audience - for those hardcore to more casual gamers. With the added bonus of console commands, the player can also spawn an infinite number of resources, blueprints and equipment which adds to the game-'s accessibility - I first used console commands to get a -feel- for the game and have opted to start over without for a real survival experience. Additionally, the developers seem to be adding new updates frequently so you can be sure you are investing into a worthwhile game which will be amazing when completed!- Valiance
The best thing about this game is it's soundtrack.Oh yeah, and the cool masks you get to wear when you're blowing someone's brains out!Love this game...
Have always had my eye on this game; finally purchased it during the Steam Christmas sale.Was so glad I did.The game's campaign mode, although short, has a great little story and teaches the player how to properly manage their own pison. You play through five different chapters, all complete with their own unique characters and challenges. However, the best part comes when you get to manage your own prison - freeplay mode. There are many options to customise your game (eg. sandbox, presence of gangs, spawning of random buildings) to make it all the more fun, while the plethora of rooms, objects, characters and prison management will keep you entertained for hours. I'll guess you'll just have to buy it to see how good it is!
Not really a fan of FPS, but do enjoy this one! There's a large range of weapons to use, enemy AI is decent (I've only been playing on average difficulty), movement is floaty and fun, and the choice of maps (especially) and game modes is awesome. Haven't played online multiplayer yet, but sure that it'd be pretty good too. Would definitely recommend this game - for the casual or hardcore FPS player.
Game is good, but it isn't great. Have only played single-player at the moment which I've found to be pretty easy so far. Items and clothing are easy to acquire, there's lots of them... somehow you're always finding something better to use in game which kind of makes the stuff you find feel less valuble. Graphics and animation are pretty basic, although the blood splatter's impressive (you'll even find it on the ceiling). The ability to drive vehicles is pretty cool too. While single-player does feel kind of montonous and pointless, hopefully multiplayer will be better and serve more of a purpose. Despite this, I would suggest giving this game a try - just don't expect too much.
Not much to the game; however, the retro influence of its music and levels makes it a winner! Something easy just to play, enjoy and not think too much about. Would recommend.
