You can consider this as a positive review for this game and a negative for the new one.Quite possibly the best Star Wars game in the worldIt has everything: The characters, music, planets, guns, vehicles, space, and even mod support.Nothing is more rad than modding a game from back in the day. The only tragic part about this series/game, is that the -Company- EA is making them from here on out. The new Battlefront is Multiplayer only, uses a loadout system, has ships and vehicles (you know, the part that made this game a classic?) as a power-up. There is no campaign, no Galactic Conquest, and FAR less planets than in even the first installment. Just stay with the classics (ie. this one) and ignore the new one until it actually has some content. EVEN THE DS GAME HAS MORE CONTENT THAN THE NEW ONE
Budderlands 2 toaster is toaster a toaster fun toast simulator, toaster where toaster you toaster play toaster as toaster a stick of Butter in hopes of reforming back to society after you were humiliated in public in front of hundreds of millions of people by having a toaster explode in your toaster demonstration at Toaster-Con.
wtf when did i buy this
I played it for the hat.I actually enjoyed it.Only F2P game with free hats i didn't uninstall.No microtransactions too, from what I've seen.I would have played even without hats.
Played for the hat.Hated it.
1v1 me ill rek ur mum xD
Worse than the /b/ board.Played one game and did no damage to all the pay to wins to get a knife Community is dead from what I can tell too.Only install for tf2 knife.1/10 knife simulator
Spent a hour and twenty minutes, suffering, just for a hat. This is a horrible abomination of what some call -entertainment-.I assure you, this is not entertainment.This is something Jigsaw would put in a death trap.I would not want my worst enemy to play this.Playing this, I wonder if it was deveolped as a tourture device.Graphics are worst than PS1.Would rather get cancer than play again.10/10 better than Spiral Knights.
