I gotta say, Melons is my favourite song from evry one of my soundtracks.
This game is addictive! The taming system is fun along with the fighting, hunting, building, and much, much more!The only problem I have is that on RimWorldGame.com you can buy these packs WITH the game! As is, it's a pack that includes the game and the NameInGame option. And the soundtrack too. When I bought the game, I was hoping that I'd be able to save up enough money for one of the little bonuses, like my character in the game! But I can't just add $10 and get it, no! I need to purchase the same game again! If it's possible, could someone working on this game find a way to let me do this?
This game is easy to get into. It has a unique take on the survival Genre. There are multiple ways for you to build a base, get food and water, survive abd inevitably, die. And the music. By god the Music. If there was a soundtrack, I'd be the first in line.
Don't Starve Together is one of my favourite survival games. It's got everything that singleplayer has and more! There's a lot of collectable items that change the way something looks or what they can do.For instance, you can wear a red T-shirt that only changes how you look, but you can also make a bottemless fire pit which will never need feul to run!In short, this game is different to the origional not only with multiplayer, but with many things that will change the situation entierly!
There are a lot of Minecraft clones out there... And even though this game is 2D compared to 3D, and insanely differnt, it is thought as such by many people. However, this game is so much more. There are 13 bosses here, while Minecraft has only 3. There is a 50/50 chance that a world will spawn with either the Corruption or Crimson, changing the boss from a Worm with 50 parts to kill, to a Brain with 20-30 flying eyes which act as body guards that you need to kill before you can even damage their master! All the NPC's have their own look, story, conditions for spawning and items to sell you! One of which tells you what things you can make with the material you give him! Iv'e spent over 259 hours on this and all of which have been spent well. In my opinion, this game is amazing! You should buy it.
