Quite a good f2p shooter with weapon customisation that is so in-depth it's scary. Shooting is a bit uninspired, but has some interesting mechanics. Great game for the price, although premium microtransactions are questionable in worth.
TL;DR: There is currently an issue with FFXHD not flagging itself for use on a dedicated GPU in a system with switchable graphics. In addition to this, during my testing (unknowing running on the iGPU), the game has a tendency to crash when transitioning between areas. It's hard to say why, but regardless until these issues are resolved I'd suggest holding off. Users running into issues where FFXHD does not use their dedicated graphics are advised to manually run the executable and forcing the game to use the dedicated graphics in their system.## OVERVIEW AND MAJOR COMPLAINTSAt this point in time, Final Fantasy X/X-2 HD is a known quantity. You can read any review of the previous incarnations of FFXHD to know what the gameplay is like. FFX is a legendary PS2 title, pushing the barrier for graphical fidelity at the time.My biggest gripe so far is the tendency to crash. I've encountered issues where the renderer stops updating the display, causing the game to appear frozen but still be 'playable'. I believe this was an issue with my Intel graphics driver crashing, but haven't done enough testing to see if the issue is still present after a driver update. This could be linked to an issue I talk about in the performance section of this review.The far more common issue is a straight crash-to-desktop when transitioning between areas. It has happened twice during the first underwater segment, and again on Besaid after Wakka asks Tidus to join the blitzball tournament. This is a frustrating problem.## GRAPHICS AND PERFORMANCEThis PC release offers a variety of graphical options and improvements over the various console releases. While gameplay is locked to 30fps, menus appear to render at the refresh rate of your display (which for me is 60Hz). This might be a cause of concern for some, but personally while I'd prefer there be no framerate cap, a game like FFX is perfectly playable at 30fps.In terms of performance, I've been playing FFXHD on my laptop, hardware wise it's a ZenBook UX303LN with a dual-core Core i5-4210U @ 1.7 GHz, a 2GB GeForce 840M and 12GB of RAM. Currently, there appears to be an issue where FFXHD is flagged to run on the iGPU instead of the dGPU, meaning instead of using the GeForce 840M, FFXHD has been running on Intel HD Graphics 4400. This is my primary reason for not recommending this just yet, in addition to the crashes.Performance on the HD 4400 has been above expectations. The game runs at 1080p on the Low preset with textures on High at 30fps in most environments. Typical for integrated graphics, the framerate dips into the mid-20s in scenes with lots of lighting effects. Combat for the most part runs at 30fps (again depending on the environment), but attacks with lots of effects or explosions cause the framerate to tank fairly sharply. The GPU is given full license to clock up to 1,000 MHz with memory at 800 MHz and a temperature of around 73C-75C. I'm fairly impressed with these results given how limited the shader performance and memory bandwidth is on the HD 4400.As for performance on the GeForce 840M, the game runs at 1080p on the Medium preset with textures on High and anti-aliasing turned off. Exploring around the early areas of Besaid the game sticks to 30fps with GPU usage around 95%-98%. In a battle scene on Besaid, GPU usage drops to around 85%. The 840M is allowed to turbo to its full 1,124 MHz core speed and 900 MHz memory speed and temperatures sit at around 73C in my ZenBook UX303LN. Once again, I'm pleased with these results, given the 840M isn't exactly a gaming powerhouse.However, In reality I shouldn't even have to have two sections for performance. The game should be running on dedicated graphics in systems that have it. Whether this is an issue for Square Enix to resolve, or if Nvidia can resolve this with a driver update, it's still dissapppointing to see. Performance numbers across the board are better than I expected, so I see no isses with optimisation here, just the issue with GPU switching and crashes.## CONCLUSIONSThe issues outlined here form the basis of my decision to not recommend this game at this time. Crashing to the desktop is a frustrating experience, and users should not have to manually set a game to run on their dedicated graphics.However, when these issues are resolved, I will ammend this review and give FFXHD a solid recommendation. If you believe you're happy to work around these issues as they currently stand, by all means the game has my recommendation. But until they're resolved, this review ends without a recommendation from me.
Antichamber is one of those games where you can sit down, aiming to complete it within the set 01:30:00, and get up after that time having only run around aimlessly with no knowledge of where to go or what to do next. You will leave the game dazed and confused. It's brutal; it plays with your head, and it does things no puzzle game ought to do.I can't recommend it on the basis of consistent playability; I've played a mere three hours, and they're on-and-off as I occasionally fire up the game in order to lose myself a bit more. I've also never completed the game, or felt I've ever been close to doing so. What I can recommed it for, is the way it makes you rethink the situation at hand; the way it forces you to think outside the box; the way it pushes you into the unknown and is then quite happy to string you up like a puppet and watch you repeat the same futile exercises over and over, hoping something will change, hoping that you will find another room in which it can mess with your head a little more.Can you escape the Antichamber?
