Borderlands 2 holds true to its looter shooter origins, continuously and consistently rewarding players with loot piles after loot drops after loot piles – most of which scales as the players do. You’ll quickly find that most of it isn’t worth picking up due to its low value or obsolete stats though. This acquired junk instead will be used to trade-in for cash, but Borderlands 2 doesn’t do much to give players an incentive to save up. With money, players can go to stores and vending machines, only to find items not as good as what they already have after a few hours of gameplay, or they can blow it on the slot machines. The slots are the game’s way of giving players a fun chance at earning more valuable loot, the most valuable of which are the super-duper-rare orange items and Eridium, the latter of which can be used on the Black Market to buy permanent player inventory upgrades (i.e. more ammo storage or inventory space).
Dying is easy, comedy is hard, and a whole lot of both goes on into Tales from the Borderlands. But as difficult as comedy can be, Tales from the Borderlands pulls it off without breaking a sweat. Staying consistently funny for ten-plus hours, maintaining an engaging story, and being enjoyable to play is about as easy as juggling flaming chainsaws, but Tales from the Borderlands pulls it off with as much grace (and as many explosions) as you could possibly hope for. Basically, it's brilliant, and it's what other comedy games should want to be when they grow up.
Trove is an apt name for the experience that developer Trion Worlds delivers. On the most basic level, it refers to the little troves of loot waiting at the end of the mini-dungeons that dot the landscape, yes, but it also calls attention to the sheer variety of displays. Collectible helmets and masks ranging from Viking beards and sombreros to baseball caps and kabuki masks seem to number in the hundreds or thousands, offering a wealth of cosmetic customization. Weapons share the same variety, with items like guns and swords running the gamut from fearsome to silly. The beauty of Trove is that many of these items are made by players themselves, making the looting experience far more rewarding than it would have been if Trion were responsible for it alone.
My first time playing unturned:-Spawn in as naked guy-Try to punch a tree down-Realize that minecraft lied to you, and punching down trees is hard -Get run over by a guy in an jeep playing i bought a jeep over his mic-Respawn-Find jeep guy and punch him to death -Steal all of his guns and loot-Threaten random guy in world chat to 1v1-Realize that you suck at using guns-Get killed-Respawn-Band together with a group of other naked men to kill the random guy in chat-Beat him to death as a horde of naked men-Get all of his stuff-Drink some random item you found on the street-Talk trash to him over chat-Turns out he was the owner of the server-Get Perma-banned20/10 best naked boxing simulator game of 2015 would kill server owner again
