Great pvp fun, has lot of potential, but still a bit choppy and could use some fleshing out. Overall has alot of promise, and quite humorous/entertaining
GarbageHorribly designed, terrible interface, buggy gameplay, buggy interface, buggy coding, buggy lobbies, runs like ♥♥♥♥ on high end systems, recycled combat for the past 12+ years, nothing innovative, lackluster and incoherent storyline for singleplayer, craptastic matchmaker, terrible netcode, looks like a game that was made 10 years ago (oh wait...), and worst of all the playerbase. Nothing remotely memorable about this game, or praiseworthy.  There is a very good reason this has a 4.5 out of 10 on Metacritic user reviews, this franchise of -games- is a joke and has been for years. This game and the company that supports it clearly appeals to autistics and 13 year olds that have no taste in games. Did I miss anything?
Scary mind-♥♥♥♥ of an awesome mod; being on an outdated engine does not stop this from succeeding with its goal of making you jump out of your chair repeatedly
Don't waste your time with this in it's current state, game is overrun with trolls that ruin the entire experience for those trying to play online, and the game/developers do little to curb this or to even explain much in the game world.
Tough as hell but very fun with quite a number of maps to play
Absolutely fckn amazing! 10/10. Games are not made with this high of quality anymore. Possibly the scariest game ever conceived, another win for Indy games over bs like Fox who cannot make a decent Alien game to save them
Very fun, addicting, fast paced competitive play. Class-based combat and plethora of classes at that. Still in beginning stages of the game and not even fully developed, already is showing itself to be a most promising game. Free game that actually strays from the -free to play but you have to pay to win- mentality, can-'t wait for it to be fully realised!
awesome!
Fun alternative to sub-based MMO, highly enjoy this game.
Solid Action RPG, fast gameplay with fun classes and massive talent trees, and its free! Quite a big community as well, highly recommended for fans of Diablo 1 and 2.
