Ingenious atmospheric exploration game.Game design and sound are both well done. Both work well together to conjure up a mysterious but relaxing atmosphere. Encountered a jump scare in the first 20 minutes. Don't know why but I walked back into it and it happened again. Spooky. Great value for 49 cents (purchased during a sale).The headlight toggle element is very clever and easy to learn. Visuals are very nice to look at.I recommend this if you like atmospheric exploration games.Some suggestions to the developer:I found getting off of the top of some ladders to be very clumsy. Climbing upwards when hitting the top of the ladder should allow me enough height to jump off onto the ground on the other side. On some ladders, reaching the top made me jump a little bit but not enough to get over the ladder, so I found myself having to try repeatedly (playing with keyboard).Please add some sort of snapshot save feature. My first impression of the game is great but it might not be worth starting from the beginning if I didn't end up finishing a chapter.If practical, a game speed slider would be nice as my little diver walks quite slowly. I understand this may sacrifice some of the atmospheric element but I do not plan to ramp up the game speed much anyway. Just want to put a spring in his step.
Guns of Icarus is very tactical and teamwork based. It's very difficult to win without it.Servers are usually okay, only sometimes laggy if your connection isn't too great. I would recommend checking server locations before giving this a go in case it is unplayeably laggy.Matchmaking takes quite a long time. Good practice with patience. When you get into a game it is worth it.Team balancing can sometimes be terrible with a very skilled team on one side and near newbies on the other.Best played with friends because I think you could imagine what chaos ensues if the people aboard a flying dinghy had no coordination.I would like to see grapples or zipwires in the game so we can board other people's ships and start whacking their balloon out of the sky.
Three things I like about Moonbase:1. Text to speech2. Trying to beatbox on text to speech3. Moon buggies
Transformice is a platformer in which you join a lobby and cycle through game modes, each presenting a new puzzle. There were A LOT of players in each lobby I joined. In my experience, the main goal is to climb over each other to get to the door. Communication is handy in this game but it's difficult to explain what to do in the text chat... and players rarely listen anyway. Overall, it's a fun way to kill time if you like platformers and also like seeing a lot of players do random stuff to each other while trying to solve a problem together. Always had a good laugh from this game 7/10. The community 2/10.
I did not play the first Sanctum. Sanctum 2 is my first Sanctum game.This game is really fun in co-op with friends. Communication is not entirely necessary but it definitely improves your teamwork, survivability and end result. When the core is getting attacked and you can't handle it, call a friend.The reload mechanics are really powerful. When one weapon runs out of ammo, just swap to the other one. When you swap back to the first weapon you will find that it has already been reloaded without having to wait for the reload animation. I found this very handy in sustaining damage output on the large bugs. If you have explosive rounds, you can use those to push the NPC's and your teammates around. I have mostly been on the receiving end of this...
Lie and cheat your way to victory.Firstly, I would like to clear up some of the misconceptions about the game at launch. Many of the reviews were negative because (and I totally agree) it was REALLY buggy and there were very few servers available. A few days after the release of HIT the developers came up with a patch which fixed many gameplay issues I experienced when I first played it. Kudos to the devs for patching some menu and in game lag issues. The lack of servers will be less of an issue as more players join. You cannot expect a free to play game which was just released to have dedicated servers.As it is, the game has an attractive retro aesthetic. There are 4 classes of characters to choose from when you are in the lobby - each character with his/her own active and passive abilities. One rogue agent is selected by the game at random at the beginning of each round and each player is shown whether they are a good agent (operative) or the bad agent (rogue). The rogue is able to convert one operative into a rogue and together they must stop the operatives from completing the three missions.The lever mission is cleverly implemented. It promotes teamwork, communication between players and reverse psychology.As of now, there is only one map with the objectives spawning at random locations throughout the house.This game is best played with at least 2 other friends. There is no in game communication (yet?) so a third party voice chat client is recommended. Server making and joining is simple but I would like to see password protection on lobbies later on as the game gains popularity.
Steep learning curve.Community is good although there are quite a lot of bad eggs here and there.The player base is very large. In my experience, matchmaking for a normal match is around 2-3 minutes.Don't rush to play ranked if you are new to the game. You'll end up with 1k mmr like I did.
