This game allows me to not go outside and socialize with people anymore.10/10 would bang again
Tomb Raider 2013 was a great success and highly lives up to it's name with it's inovative mechinics, Inspiring soundtrack and emotional story.The mechinics of Tomb Raider are not just inovative in the sense of adding something new to the game but are inovative that the players can really use them to help them on their journey through the untold and mysterious legends and mysterys that surround the unusual island that you are trapped on. For example the ajustibillty of the bows equipment like the rope allowing you to glide around specific parts of the map and the mechanical pulley which you're rewarded with after completing a specific part of the game that allows you to travel even faster giving you the sense that you are in more control of the situation you are in on the island. I really enjoyed using the equipment for traveling through the map and for a more tactical way of dealing with your foes.The story of Tombraider draws you in and leaves you confused (In a good way, at first) as you start to put the peices of the mystery together. Tombraider slightly over exhagerates the emotions of Laracroft but they still made you feel her emotions and help you to see the changes in her as she progresses through the story. She starts in her adventure with the determination of uncovering the legend of the Sun Queen. As lara is faced with the challenges of the story like having to kill her first person or losing an important friend she is able to carry on with resilience and the determination she starts the story with. The story makes it feel like your discovering the mystery rather than your playing a character who is and is rewarding when you start to make sense of everything. I really enjoyed the story even if it was slightly shorter than I would of liked.The music if amazing and really compliments the emotions and scences in the game. Tomb raiders has a memorable sound track that is inspiring and compliments Lara's strength and determination in the story. The main theme song with Its suttle piano notes builds up the suspense and invigorates combat. I have even downloaded this song as it is an amazing instrumental.Overall this game was well worth the price I got it for ( $8.99 usd) and is worth alot more than that. It has some mistakes as any game but the don't bring my amazment of this inspirational game down. I highly recommend for an escape to another world or adventure and I cannot wait for the next game in the series.
