To buy, or not to buy. If it is the craving for the style of the old stronghold games that you are looking for, you will be massively disapointed. If it was a fun and involving strategy game that you are looking for, again, you are to be disapointed. If you are looking for an in depth city/castle builder, unless you-'ve played all the Anno, Age Of Empires, and earlier stronghold games until you simply cannot stand to play them any longer, then this MIGHT be worth the buy if it is on sale.I bought this game whilst it was on sale, undetered by the overwhelmingly negative reviews i had read earlier, I foolishly bought the game with the low expectation that it would be at most a poorly re-done stronghold 3. Even with those low expectations I was still let down. The campaign takes well over an hour of unskippable grinding gamplay that inst even remotely interesting before you even get to do anything remotely interesting. To make matters worse, there was no mention or easily recognisable option that would speed up the game speed, and so it was almost when i was at the end of my patience when i discovered that the only way to change game speed is with the hotkeys -+ or --, making this game a hell of a drag for the beginning of any single player matchThe multiplayer is barely any better, it shows none of the fast paced action of stronghold 2 or its predecessors, and the matchmaking was very poor and scarce.In summary, unless you have played every other strategy game you own until you cannont bear to play them for one moment longer, do not buy this game. I would instead recommend watching the opening cinematics for AOE1 in 240x 180p than recommend somebody actually buy this game and play it
The game looks to be good fun, however there are many textures for buildings and people missing, and some of the instructions are not in very clear english. Other than that, it seems pretty good!
A great game, tonnes of fun to play with a friend or two. The AI are actually decent on any setting and the maos are all brilliant. Combat mechanics are perfect, the learning curve is quite gentle, and the game has great replayablilty. One of my favorite strategy games ever.
