Worth the investment. nuff said.
Perfect to play when Battlefield 4 is -trying- to be patched
Honestly slightly bias review.A few years back when i was in highschool i had found this little gem of a game called postal 2, for me it was the best game on earth. I even got to talk to some of the staff through MSN and the like, Also had a chance to get an unreleased portion of the game with santa and stuff (if i remember correctly, could of just been christmas themed. idk) I had only 20% percent to go before it was finished and sometime during the night my PC had shut itself off, I was destroyed.Then while playing DooM3 my pc blew up and fried my whole hard drive and had lost the game forever or so i thought.Many years later i find out it is coming to steam! i bought that f**k*r as soon as it was released. This game holds up serprizingly to todays graphics and is more atune to what an -indie- game looks like these days.The story isnt the best and you dont really feel any attachment to the postal dude.This game is much much much more the graphics or story or just plain gore.Its an experience (and experiment) on the free thought of the indervidural player, you can play and finish the game without killing anyone (i do believe you need to kill like 4 cows but -them aint people-) or you can go nuts and let out the inner psychopath.This game brings joy in ways other sandbox titles cant offer.If you think this game is anything like (at the time of this review) HATRED youre wrong, and that is because you have a choice and the game is only as f**k*d up as you are.10/10 Would taze bearded ladys and p*ss on them again.
Worm is love, worm is life.
 -its as if Infinity Ward has forgotten where they came from, this game is half arsed in all major aspects.-Single Player is for lack of a better word BORING, nothing is used to grab your emotion nor your worth. Once again you get your hand held though out all EVERY single mission... NOT WORTH YOUR TIMEMultiplayer is another story... Besides all of the FPS drops (90fps average, drops to 10fps) it is quite fun and with a higher learning curve (every weapon is a 3 hit kill) It is the Call of Duty that should of been... Back in 2009 not nowAll in all, the multiplayer is full of either tweens or creepy uncle-'s... In my first match i got called a hacker, n00b, ♥♥♥♥♥. got told that my mum was a ♥♥♥♥♥. ect. ect. DONT BUY THIS IF YOU WERE EXPECTING SOMETHING DIFFERENT, YOUVE BEEN WARNED!
