What at first seemed like a promising new addition to the 4X genre turned out to be a complete disaster.The game is incomplete and the devs have since jumped ship to rebuild the game from scratch under a separate title, -Stardrive 2-. No has been compensated in any way, and this broken, unfinished mess is now being touted as a complete game.As for the specific issues with the game:PROS-1. It is a 4X game played in real time. That allows for a number of new strategies not possible in the ordinarily turn-based genre.2. Stardrive brought something new to the 4X table with the ability to design/fit your ships from scratch. This was the core pulling factor of the game. With customizable ships, you could choose from a pre-existing hull and redesign the ship to suit whatever specialised need. Titanic capital ships dedicated to bombing a planet into a foetid hellhole (i.e. conducting Exterminatus)? Done. Beam cannons on a fighter? No problemo. Or how about a logistics ship to provide repairs to your fleet on the go? All possible.CONS-1. The Sunburn engine is a laggy unoptimized mess. The framerate basically commits suicide during mid to late game, and especially in the middle of large fleet battles involving more than a hundred ships, even more so with the fact that the game runs in real time. The devs took a bad gamble opting to use a new engine with little repute, and lost.2. The AI is shallow at best, and in the state the devs had left the game, you can-'t do much more than basic threatening, bargaining, and decaring war. Some of the interaction options do not even seem to have any real purpose or effect.3. The game claims to be mod-friendly, however due to the limitations of the engine it can only run 1 mod at any time.4. Planetary interaction with colonies and ground troops could truly be better. Every ground unit across all the playable races are basically just reskins of one another, and the gameplay lacks any sort of strategic depth beyond throwing as many troops as possible at the enemy (or as many as you can fit on the map). Building placement doesn-'t appear to have any strategic element either.5. Finally, the game devs abandoned the sinking ship while all the passengers were still on board. Didn-'t say a word. One day they just went *poof*, and no one heard from them again until they began advertising their -new- game.-'nuff said.Such a pity, really. This game had so much promise....
