While I do not completely regret paying two dollars like some (Seriously it-'s two dollars, but some people....) I do not recommend the game.I can imagine if you were in the right mood to be creeped out this would make an exellent purchase, but it didn-'t work for me at the time. The story isn-'t all that -'horrifying-' but more along the lines of -'maybe creepy?;.The game has nice music and good horror creatures. Unfortunately, while the creatures would very work well in a Hollywood film, the games main horror is based off something the game-'s founder realised when his colleague was drawing on a napkin (true story).The gameplay...is a bit eh. -the game leaves it up to you to figure out every part of its increasingly bizarre universe- This part of the gameplay is alright except the game feels more centered towards the story. The controls are good but the actual things you need to do are a bit annoying, it feels like trying to keep a balloon in the air while moving your hands with WASD.Pros:-Somewhat creepy story-The art is alright but only actually serves to pull off the plot twist-The musical ambience is very well made-Tight controls-Nice end scene (gameplay, not cinematic)-CheapCons:-Not really that horrifying-30 minutes long-No replay value (unless this is the only game you own that you like)-Annoying gameplay at points-The game came off a napkin. Again, true story.
This game is a good mix between strategy and quick thinking, with teamwork being an essential. There are a number of different guns and ships to choose from which can be interchangeable to customise your ship accordingly to how you want to battle (again, teamwork is essential to win). The ships themselves are not customisable(exept the guns) but there are a range of them from tanks to quick maneuvering ones. Despite my emphasis on teamwork and professionalism, the game is not incredibly difficult and noob freindly. Classes can be customised slightly. Alot of games are hosted in the americas so lag may occasionally be bad if you live somewhere else (like Australia) but with a good computer it is fine most of the time.  The only items you can buy are purely cosmetic and do not give unfair advantages in gameplay.Multiplayer numbers:Four people on one ship, need atleast one person on each team to drive the shipUp to 3 vs 3 ship battlesSandbox mode( skill honing, AI target ships) can have 4 people in a game on the same shipSad Parts :( Game can be hard for people with normal computers to play on sometimes. Go check the system requirements.I am Australian :( People in America are haveing slightly more fun with this game.The engineer does not say -Deployin-' a sentry- when you fix a gun turret :(You have to use a gun to unlock stats in the in-game manuale. Same with ships.Pilot can be a hard class for a noob as the entire team depends on you not hitting that skyscraper or that dust cloud.Engineer is a little bit stressful :(Good game overall, worth getting the 4 pack if you agree with 3 people who have viable computers/internet.The collecters addition adds cosmetic items to the game
