Better than Sanic Boom Boom and Sanic06 buy dis game.
This Game Is Awesome! The Story is really quirky and sometimes gets a chuckle out of you.  Plat Forming is pretty solid, I do recomend you have a freind as it is alot more fun, But you can still have some fun in the Single Player Version. I didnt really see a point to replay game after I completed it. For once the PC version can be played with the KeyBoard, Games like Super Meat Boy Require the Controller but this one is Either way. 8/10 Buy this game :)
I recomend this game to everybody who loves Zombies gore shotguns bubbelgum and kicking ♥♥♥!
Very Fun And ALOT more fun with freinds. Story is like a mario game but the game it self makes up for everything else.  8/10
Although Short it was fun Portal 2 was fun 2 Portal is one of the best games ive ever played
Dis game gets 10 Tf2 hats out of 10 BattleBlockTheater Heads +_+
This is a GREAT PLATFORMER!PROSGreat Game Play you will never get bored of.Alot of Unlockable Charecters that are GREATFlow of Gameplay Never slows downCONSThis was realy meant for a controller not a keyboardCant change the controlls for the KeyboardNot realy worth 9.99 try and wait for a sale if necesarryBuy This Game.
I recomend this game but i do admit i miss the old times in team fortress 2 when there wernt some many GOD DAM HATS yea i have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of hats but that dosent mean im a hipicrit wait it dose mean im a hipicrit. this game is awesome it was the only reson i got a steam anyway i got more games later on and played them more like garrys mod half-life and binding of issac anyway back on topic this game is f2p GET IT ITS FREE FOREVER ♥♥♥♥♥♥
Is not compatible with windows 8. 4.99 dollars ♥♥♥♥ing wasted.
Hear me out i feel if you've never played TF2 you could get used to this game, but if you have played TF2 then you will not enjoy this. I noticed alot of servers werent even full and the ones that were are laggy, not bad laggy but when your fighting its a huge streak the will just freeze everything. I sort of enjoyed this game it is very much like TF2 but different, ALSO if you have played TF2 your skills will not transfer you will be like the normal bad player in TF2. Over all i give this game for people who havent played tf2 a 8/10 but for the ones who have a 5/10. I dont recomend buying this game but if you put alot of time and effort you will master Team Fortress Classic.
