Login, change skills, logout.
I was 10 when Half-Life, Sin, CS, Project I.G.I and Red Faction hit. Try picture that.
Man is it atmospheric! Keep your eye on the clock, because the hours will slip away. My only qualms in an otherwise incredible game: - Can get repetitive as most interiors are generally the same just rearranged- Little variation in voice dialogue. - The difficulty settings handicap the player rather than make the AI more skillful or strategic.Would have loved:- Greater ability to change the story/gameplay based on the decisions you make/don't make.Icing on the cake:- The Score. It's become one of my all time favourite sountracks.8/10
Really wish I bought the mod for arma II instead. Granted it's in alpha, the cost is unjustified, it's been out for a while now and the rarity of updates suggests this thing is nothing more than a milking off of the mod's popularity. I've had issues from literally the main menu, involving my DPI res & mouse. There's so many feedback tickets created from 2013 for so many issues that haven't been addressed and will likely go unpatched. Pretty sure this project is likely to get scrapped once it loses market traction.
MW2 is to Call of Duty, what FFX is to the Final Fantasy franchise- The last good one.
i7 Quad 4.2ghz CPU, GTX 980 & running on an SSD and I still have to run the game on Standard to maintain 60fps. Poorly optimised! If you want to play it without frame drops, you need to adjust the graphics so it looks even worse than Arma 2 lol. What does this game think it is, Crysis? Are we supposed to wait till 2019 to be able to play it? Maybe they'll release a DLC that fixes this instead of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ go-karts. Here's a point of reference: GTA V runs on ultra settings, everything maxed out and I never drop below 50-60fps.
It's like a hybrid of Diablo II, Warcraft III and Borderlands. Play it with friends or online to get the most out of it. There's a great community, everyone I've ever met in a game has been super nice and helpful. One of the most underrated hack & slash games out there, possibly due to marketing at the time of release.
It-'s like they sucked alll the life and magic out of the original, which was renown for its eerie, -'odd-' & dark atmosphere (and scared the ♥♥♥♥ out of me as a kid). What-'s left is a looney tunesified rehash. Proof that -New- isn-'t always better! Do yourself a favour and go play the original on ePSXe. Yes the graphics aren-'t impressive, but the atmosphere & magic is what makes it iconic, so get over it!I-'m not going to give it a thumbs down because it-'s keeping the franchise alive (whether that-'s good or bad is another story). I just wish developers would stop pulling Final Fantasies on us- graphics before story, immersion and creativity.
My favourite game of all time, but this really needs save states as I no longer have as much time for games as I did when I was a kid.
