Implementing this DLC into your Dex game will really benefit your gameplay. I highly recommend this DLC.
As a music-creation hobbyist, I found the Music Creator 6 Touch program to be an interesting upgrade to the sort-of freeware programs I am used to using (ACID Xpress, for example). The Music Creator 6 Touch had nearly all the features of those programs, with a couple more MIDI items courtesy of Cakewalk to create new loops out of.The downside is that when it comes to making music for instances other than your own personal enjoyment, you long for something more professional; something that doesn't limit the amount of audio loops you are allowed to have at one time; something that doesn't lock-out the SoftSynth selection tab preventing you from adding more loops, even when you delete the entire project page.If you are willing to spend money on the simplest DAW you can, and money's no problem, you could say Music Creator 6 Touch is the program for you.But I STRONGLY suggest you compare this program with other DAW programs by Cakewalk for limits. If you don't really want to be limited on the amount of items you wish to add to a project, you might want to consider saving your Steam money and Wallet Codes for a higher program.
Playing this game makes me feel like I-'m playing a side-scrolling version of -System Shock 2-. It-'s themes and RPG system are roughly similar to it, and that-'s what draws me in.Love the 2-dimensional side-scrolling aspect. Love the cyberpunk theme. Love the top-down shooter hacking interface. Love the easy stealth/take-down aspect.If you love these things as well, you really need to give -DEX- a try.Just be wary of some things:1) Playing the game with the Xbox 360 controller is fine for the general gameplay. But when making the transition from general gameplay to the Cyberspace/AR interface, make sure you have a trusty keyboard nearby.2) The gunplay function can be your friend or your enemy. Train yourself with the controls, particularly when using a controller. You may even find that your fists work more efficiently over any gun you come across.3) Be wary of your surroundings. Everything with a health bar or blinking light could, and probably will, kill you.4) Mature content. Expect ANYTHING a back alley would normally have.Other than that, I recommend this game to all.
