For some context, I've played most of the Hitman games to completionThis game feels like an apology letter to fans for AbsolutionPros:Return to 'sandbox' style levels. The Paris mission is huge and would not have been out of place amongst the latter levels of Blood Money.Improved disguise system. The disguises aren't as ridiculously nerfed as in Absolution, but neither are they as OP as they are in Blood Money. Now only a few particularly perceptive people will be able to see through your disguises if you stay in their line of sight for too long. This brings the focus of the game's stealth back to hiding in plain sight, rather than sneaking in the shadows Choosing loadouts. You can choose your weapons and clothing at the start of missions again, although it seems that they haven't returned to the weapon customisation that was present in Blood Money.Great replayability. There is a large variety of ways in which you can assassinate your targets. Each level is full of unique accidents waiting to happen. There are also a number of challenges on each level that encourage exploration of both the map and methods of assassination. Completing these challenges contributes to the 'mastery rank' of the mission, which allows you to unlock things such as new starting areas and agency stashes on the map.ConsRuns like ♥♥♥. The game has some serious performance issues. Expect to turn down graphics quite a bit. Having said that, the game still holds up visually, even on low settings.Always online. It is possible to play offline, but if you are in the middle of an online session and your connection cuts out for whatever reason then you will be pulled out into the main menu and any unsaved progress will be lost. This has happened to me once so far.'Opportunities'. This can be toggled off in the menu (thank god) which I highly recommend you do. This new feature lays out explicitly all the unique ways in which you can eliminate your target. A big bulk of this game comes from exploring the level and scoping out opportunities for yourself, so turning this option off is a must.Episodic. Why fam?This recommendation is based solely on gameplay. A lot of people aren't even able to play the game due to performance issues though so buy it at your own risk.
