Don't worry, I'm not going to spoil anything here - I'll avoid anything story-related beyond the premise. With Skyrim, the stories that come from how the game works are often the best ones.It's a frozen nation, just to the north of where the previous game, Oblivion, took place. A briefly introduction sets up the plot: Skyrim is in the middle of a revolt, you've been sentenced to death, and dragons have just shown up. Good luck!At that point, you emerge from a cave into 40 square kilometres of cold and mountainous country, and that's it. Everything else is up to you.Not all of the landscape is subzero, and even among the frosty climes there's an exciting variety: ice caverns that tinkle with dripping frost crystals, hulking mountains with curls of snow whipped up by the howling wind, coniferous forests in rocky river valleys.The mountains change everything. Wherever you decide to head, your journey is split between scrambling up treacherous rocks and skidding down heart-stopping slopes. The landscape is a challenge, and travel becomes a game.It's hard to walk for a minute in any direction without encountering an intriguing cave, a lonely shack, some strange stones, a wandering traveller, a haunted fort. These were sparse and quickly repetitive in Oblivion, but they're neither in Skyrim: it's teeming with fascinating places, all distinct.These places are the meat of Skyrim, and they're what makes it feel exciting to explore. You creep through them with your heart in your mouth, your only soundtrack the dull groan of the wind outside, to discover old legends, dead heroes, weird artefacts, dark gods, forgotten depths, underground waterfalls, lost ships, hideous insects and vicious traps. It's the best Indiana Jones game ever made.The dragons don't show up until you do the first few steps of the game's main quest, so it's up to you whether you want them terrorising the world as you wander around. A world where you can crest a mountain to find a 40-foot flying lizard spitting jets of ice at the village below is a much more interesting one to be in. But fighting them never changes much: you can just ignore them until they land, then shoot them from a distance when they do.Your first dragon kill is a profound, weird moment. I rushed to the crashed carcass to loot it, then looked up. The whole town had come out to stand around and stare at the body, a thing as vast and alien to them as a T-rex in a museum.There is also a level up system. When that happens, you get a perk point: something you can spend on a powerful improvement to a skill you particularly like. Every hour, you're making a major decision about your character's abilities.They're dramatic. The first point you put into Destruction magic lets you stream jets of flame from your hands for twice as long as before. As you continue to invest in one skill, you can get more interesting tweaks: I now have an Archery perk that slows down time when I aim my bow, and one for the Sneak skill that lets me do a stealthy forward roll.Again, the freedom is dizzying: every one of 18 skills has a tree of around 15 perks, and the range of heroes you could build is vast. I focused on Sneak to the point of absurdity - now I'm almost invisible, and I get a 3,000% damage bonus for backstabs with daggers. It's the play style I've always wanted in an RPG, but I've never been able to achieve it before. The enemies you encounter are, in some cases, generated by the game to match the level of your character. In Oblivion that sometimes felt like treading water: progress was just a stat increase, and your enemies kept pace. That doesn't apply now that your character is defined more by his or her perks, because the way you play is always changing.Levelled content is also just used less: at level 30, my most common enemies are still bandits with low-level weapons. And I still run into things too dangerous for me to tackle.Taking a narrow mountain path to a quest, something stops me in my tracks: a dragon roar. I check the skies - nothing, but I hear it again three more times before the peak.At the top I find a camp full of bodies, with a large black bear roaring over them. Hah. He's still more than I can handle in straight combat, but as he reaches me I use a Dragon Shout. It befriends any animal instantly, and he saunters casually away. Feeling slightly guilty, I stab him in the back before it wears off.Which is when the dragon lands, with an almighty crash, six feet from my face. I RUN!One tweak is a huge loss, though: you can't design your own spells. Oblivion's spellmaking opened up so many clever possibilities - now you're mostly restricted to what you can buy in shops.While we're on the negatives, physical combat hasn't improved much. There are cinematic kill moves when your enemy is low on health, but whether they trigger seems to be either random or dependent on whether the pre-canned animation fits into the space you're in. Too much of the time, you wave your weapon around and enemies barely react to the hits.The exception is archery: bows are now deliciously powerful, and stealth shots can skewer people in one supremely satisfying thwunk.What does improve the general combat is a feature I didn't quite expect: you can hire or befriend permanent companions. I did a minor favour for an elf at the start of the game that earned me his loyalty for the next 40 hours of play. Sidekicks add a wild side to fights: an arrow from nowhere can end a climactic battle, or a misplaced Dragon Shout can accidentally knock your friend into an abyss.The Dragon Shouts, gained by exploration and killing dragons, are like a manlier version of conventional magic. One can send even a Giant flying, one lets you breathe fire, another makes you completely invincible for a few seconds. Even the one for befriending furry animals is macho: it can turn four bears and a wolf pack into obedient pets with one angry roar. The main quests themselves are mostly good: a happy mix of secrecy, adventure, and exploring incredible new places. One location, which I won't spoil, got an actual gasp. But then there's an abysmal stealth mission that seems to work on a logic entirely its own: guards spot you from miles away, despite facing the wrong direction. And the boss dragons it keeps throwing at you never get any more interesting to fight - adding more hitpoints just makes the repetition even harder to ignore.Everywhere else, the quests are magnificent. Chance encounters lead to sprawling epics that take you to breathtaking locations, uncover old secrets, and pull interesting twists. Even the faction quests are better here. It feels like Bethesda realised these became the main quest for many players, and built on that for Skyrim. They start small, but each one unravels into a larger story with higher stakes. Some of them feel like the personal epic that the main quest has always failed to be. These aren't engine issues, though. Skyrim is based on tech Bethesda built specially for it, rather than the middleware engine used by Oblivion and Fallout 3. It's a lean, swift, beautiful thing. New lighting techniques and a fluffy sort of frozen fog give the world a cold sparkle, and the previously puffy faces are sharp, mean and defined. Even load times are excitingly quick. On maximum settings, it runs at 30-40 frames per second on a PC that runs Oblivion at 50-60 - a decent trade off for the increase in scenery porn.The games we normally call open worlds - the locked off cities and level-restricted grinding grounds - don't compare to this. While everyone else is faffing around with how to control and restrict the player, Bethesda just put a country in a box. It's the best open world game I've ever played, the most liberating RPG I've ever played, and one of my favourite places in this or any other world.In case I'm not getting it across, this is a thumbs-up.
Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is an online multiplayer competitive game where you need to play with your team in order to win.Pros:There are a lot of game modes, the gameplay is fluid and the graphics are decent,- It is very cheap and if you caught it on sales it is almost free! - In matchmaking all the players are very competitive and you need to work in team in order to climb the ranks;- You can enter in community servers and try a lot of game modes (bhops, surf , aim...)- It's possible to buy skins and modify the apearence of the weapons (optional), remember, a lot of skins doesn't mean skill.Cons:-There are sadly many hackers in this game.-The community in lower ranks isn't the best (silver - master guardian 1 ) some people just don't listen to the team and flame with everyone.-The servers (64tick) isn't really good unfortunately.
If you like arcadey driving games, simple sports games, and playing against your friends, Rocket League could become your next online addiction. Essentially soccer with cars and a giant ball, this game has you drive around an enclosed arena, bumping into other players as you try to knock the ball into the goal. But in keeping with the arcade spirit, the physics are a bit on the unrealistic side, which is why your car can hop up and twist, you can drive up the sides of walls, and head-on crashes only cause you to bounce back (though, admittedly, the physics may be too unbelievable for those looking for a real athletic challenge). You also can play matches up to four-on-four, either online, via split-screen, or in a mix of the two, though the more populated matches tend to be a bit too chaotic. There's even an exhibition mode where you can play against the computer, and these matches also go up to four-on-four, though this gets old pretty quickly -- well, unless you customize your car with a pirate flag, purple boost smoke, and a sombrero. That's just funny.
Middle Earth™: Shadow of Mordor™ is a third-person action-adventure game developed by Monolith Studions (known for such works as the F.E.A.R. and Condemned franchises) and published by Warner Bros. Interactive. The game's story takes place in Tolkien's 'Lord of the Rings' universe while gameplay takes inspiration from the Batman Arkham titles as well as some elements from the Assassin's Creed franchise, and at the same time, featuring an all new mechanic called the 'Nemesis Pros: Good graphics, animation quality, special effects and over-all art styleGreat use of the 'Lord of the Rings' franchise and materialExcellent voice acting and over-all sound design that adds to the atmosphere and immersion of the gameRelatively large map with several side missions and collectiblesCombat gameplay is fun and satisfying making good use of the Arkham/Assassin's Creed gameplayCons:Story is a bit weak and some of the characters were not particularly memorableGameplay is not as challenging as I would have expected from an action-adventure gameOrc Captains / Warchiefs level cap at 20The final boss was boring and too easy, not challenging at all.
Campaign is awesome. It is dark, atmospheric and keeps you interested the whole time. The multiplayer is a fast paced game with a lot of customization. I really liked the specialists and the weapons. If you are looking for a fast paced FPS game, then this might be for you.
Fun little RPG. Short, decent characters, and the dialogue was really funny.
