This game sucked out the 8 year old of me. As a child i adored planes in the World War. Spitfires, Mustangs and Large Bombers. I saw this game on a youtube video and I was thinking -this is too good to be actual gameplay- however I was wrong. This made me so excited and happy that i thought straight away -their is no way it-'s not free to play for its quality- and I then looked at it on Steam and i burst with joy... I-'m pretty sure i clicked Download 500 times before it started. This is a once in a lifetime experience with games like this... amazing graphics for free.
PAYDAY 2 was a game i regularly left after a long break and saw huge updates popping up from new heists, masks and weapons. So far i've been addicted after a few heists like Shadow Raid, Murky Station and a few Diamond stores. I love the steath machanic and having a good-ish community. I usually run into angry people on heists like Car Shop where you only have a few minutes to escape, but i understand thats because of being under pressure. Other than that i run into really positive people during a Shadow Raid and i was astonished on someone so nice and calm in such a stealthy heist. The PAYDAY series had been full of new ways to rob places from glass cutters to huge motherf**king Drills! This game is about pure teamwork, or you could do it solo, like i do. Team work is key in these heists from saying where guards are or if someone is coming from behind. We all could type in the chat but it takes time to type the whole message and the person you said it too has to read it. Thats why i recommend a MIC to warn people when the time comes. If you made it this far or scrolled down due to lazyness, i Salute you!I rate this game a solid 9/10!
I find it halarious that this game lets you build anything at all from your imagination (if you can afford it :P). Enormous freedom to make anything and you literally about to build then you freeze realising you have no idea what to build. The game lets yo make anything you want to kill players around the world with their designs and live to tell the tale. The game makes you stressed when you're under fire from that one SMG tank and you're worried about dying then a majestic plazma bomber saves you. You regenerate from the helpful medic and heals you for the rest of the match and kill everything like a medic and heavy from Team Fortress 2. The amount of weapons is helpful with missles, SMGs, Plazma launchers, Railguns, AAA guns and mediguns. Each weapon makes you play differently for every moment like Railguns you need to be hidden and efficiant with shots, however SMG's you're going up close and doing as much damage to people as possible. 10/10 Would recommend for creative, intelligent people with the ability to think under pressure.
Oh my god, where the hell do i start...This game is amazingly funny. You can not go though the game without having a small laugh about the refrences to multiple things like, the KKK, items from past episodes of South Park, Skyrim and pokemon. You can go though the small little town as your own little character, with funny clothing and weapons. If you want to be an abortion doctor, you can! If you want to be Robin Hood, you can! The amount of creativity is astonashing (wish i could say the same about No Man-'s Sky) You are the chosen one, the new kid that chooses sides during the battle for the stick of truth, siding with all your favourite characters with budders, kyle, stan, cartman and princess kenny! If i must rate this, it would be a huge fat sloppy slap of 10/10! Hyped of -South Park: The Fractured, but whole- game coming soon ;)
