This game is the definition of -feels-Vote for feels tag.Infinity out of 10Brilliant
AntichamberA brilliant puzzle game with game mechanics that will be confusing at first, but eventually you will learn to expect the unexpected.This game also gives accurate facts about life, and by the end of the game you will likely have learnt many things that apply to life.Overall this is a marvelous gameBut it is more than thatMore than a gameIt is a journey.
Cortex Command is an epic 2D side-view action strategy game that lets you play however you want, whether its building an epic base or just using a crab to muck around. You're bound to have fun with this game.
Awesome music.I truely wish it were on iTunes aswell though so that i can get it on my iPad mini.
Space Engineers!I guess it is sorta like a cross between Minecraft-'s building style and creativity, Garry-'s Mod (because of the physics simulation), and Space, because, well, you know, it-'s space! Even if you don-'t really like Minecraft or Gmod this is still brilliant just to smash stuff into other stuff, even the main menu-'s background is just people making stuff crash into each other, on purpose. I would even recommend you buy it just for the smashing.This game will work even on old computers (to some extent, of course) as well as on top-notch ones (i just reallised I-'ve used -Minecraft- as an example and then -top-notch- What a coincidence).  BUT , if you are experiencing lag, (well, at least enough to make it anoying) there are only to ways easy ways to fix it, (hopefully). Both are found in the graphics section of the options, but you may find an annoying problem, one of them does hardly anything performance wise (at least I think so, maybe i just don-'t notice), and the other will decrease the quality of the entire screen (and just incase you-'re wondering, no, I don-'t mean permanently, just how the game will be displayed on the screen) which has a much more noticable improvement to performance. BUT KNOW THIS , performance in Space Engineers all, and I mean all, depends on what it has to simulate. It may be seem fine when you are just building a very simple structure, but when you have some small spacecraft inside the hanger of a huge mothership, and then  fly it straight into an asteroid at full speed  even the best commercially available computers can have a hard time surviving all those computations going on at once. What is the result? A game that is great, awesome, really realistic, but can also be extremely CPU intensive.But overall, it is still great, even if it does run a bit slowly (whether or not this is sarcasm doesn-'t really matter, both work good here), it is worth the money, and the lag (if any, of course, as this varies depending on the circumstances). It is brilliant.And just for the sake of it:  -Live long and prosper- - Spock
