The Binding of Isaac Rebirth, is an amzing contribution to the franchise. Not only does it reinvent the spooky feeling that The Binding of Isaac gave us, but it gives the player a sense of exploration, With the rooms being larger and the amount of enemies in each room sufficing the space. Visually satisfying and game mechanics are great, unlocking new levels as you play through. At the beginning is may seem quick the game, but as you finish it again and again unlocking more things and donating extra gold to the shop. You will find that you are hooked at playing it. Given that there are 178 achievements, you would be busy for a while to hunt them all down!!Grinding and grinding to unlock all the characters, all the secrets and all the endings. Easily can sink 5 hours a day into this. As you may see i have not done so with my hours on this but I sure am planing to.All in all I found Rebirth absolutely brilliant. I recommend it to anyone. Although it can be a rage inducer at times. Beating Mum then dying to a mob, one of the most infuriating moments in a game, but alas. That happens.I hope all that play it, find as much enjoyment as I have with the game.
10/10 Would be emily's crutch again.I live for the icons though. Best free game out there honestly.
Alright Buckle Up kidlets.TL:DR ----This game is the game you wanna get if you are willing to be chokeholded and dragged through a rich and deep story driven game.I sat down and spent 13.5 hours playing this game from start to finish. Binged it. All day.I highly recommend this game.-Onto the meat-To be honest I did not know what to expect. Especially when I played Dreamfall: The Longest Journey first before playing this one. I didnt even know it was part of a series to recently. As soon as it went on sale in stea, it was the best decision ever to buy it.Playing the second game first doesnt spoil much. But you will be like -Ohhhh- with some places and remember. Which was what happened to me throughout the game.I did love playing this game very much so. Some parts you will get stuck and cannot figure out what to do. But paying close attention to absolutely  everything is the key. I know some might phase out after a while.But I do reccommend you play this in one sitting whilst everything is still fresh in your mind so do not forget places or what you need to do.Always check your diary, It is your best friend.Other than that. I highly reccommend this game to anyone and everyone. Well worth the money and well worth the time!!
