Building upon the successful storytelling of -The Walking Dead-, season 2 of the series picks up not too far on from where the previous game left off. It also does not hold any punches in the amount of trauma that you are forced to endure in order to stay alive within the post-apocalyptic world of -The Walking Dead-.Interestingly, the controls have had a bit of an overhaul, in that the quick time events are a little more dynamic, and require more than just simply mashing the Q button, and then pressing E. There are dodges that need to be made, and if you fail to quickly scan your surroundings, you may end up being eaten.Some of the more pressing, and heart felt moments of the game shatter like a reflection in the mirror. Clementine can trust no-one. No-one. Trust me on this.
If you take enjoyment out of being a masochist and killing your friends in a game, then this is probably a game that you would enjoy... A LOT! Running as a parody to a lot of pop culture sci-fi and fantasy icons, Magicka will have you either laughing your ♥♥♥ off, crying tears of frustration, or throwing your laptop out the window because of the sheer difficulty of some of the levels and mobs (not to mention friends that blast you with that Summon Death, or Crash to Desktop spells...)Overall, the main campaign has 12 levels to get though and these can be tackled solo, or with up to three friends for carnage against the enemies, or your friends. Are you frustrated at a friend for sleeping with your girlfriend? Blow them up, and don't revive them! Simple.
Following on from playing The Walking Dead, I was keen to see what Telltale Games would do next. This game certainly doesn-'t disappoint. While The Wolf Among Us doesn-'t have flesh eating zombies, there is still a deep set story steeped in melodrama and intrigue.The Fables are a community of individuals that have escaped their fabled settings and have been forced to take up residency in the real -mundane- world. Magicked with Glamour that covers their non-human forms, the Fables try to scrape by in the unfamiliar world. In episode 1 we encounter The Big Bad Wolf, Snow White, Beauty, the Beast, one of the Three Little Pigs, and a winged monkey from The Wizard of Oz, to name a few. While the setting seems childish, it is anything but - with regular profanity throughout the dialogue, and gruesome battle sequences. (I even saw bare breasts in the trailer for episode 2)The choices made in the game effect later events, as was with The Walking Dead, and the first episode ends on a cliff hangar, which had me gasping (as was to be expected).Definitely looking forward to more!
I wasn't so sure on this game when I first saw it, as I am not really a fan of FPS games. This game quickly proved that I had made a good investment, within even the first 15 minutes. The graphics are astounding, the music is amazing. Looking out over the cloud floating city of Columbia is simply awe inspiring. The story line is confusing and take a little to digest, but I feel that's a good thing. Plenty to explore, lots to see. I definitely recommend this game! 10/10!
This game is just... words can not possibly describe the emotional rollercoaster that this game places you on. From the moment you end up almost dead in the cop car at the start of the game, the game grants you many choices which determine the relationship that Lee has with other characters. It's all well and good to think that there is a right and wrong answer to everything, but there isn't. Each choice you make will have consequences that effect the way characters will respond to you later, so you must choose your allies well, lest you all become zombie chowder.The graphics are similar in style to the comic, which doesn't detract at all from the experience. The gruesome setail oozes off the screen and makes you feel for the situations that the characters are in. It's difficult to put into words how this occurs, as to mention where this happens, is to spoil the plot. Don't ever feel like you are safe, as in The Walking Dead, there is no such thing as safety - especially in numbers.
