Not a great deal to say but this game is definately one of the best of 2011.Sure the Interface is a letdown but all this can be fixed with any of the UI mods available.
Mass Effect is a great Scifi Opera with many parallels to the Star Trek Universe.  Classified as an RPG I would use this term very loosely because an RPG it most definately isn't.  It sports shades of general RPG mechanics but at its heart it is a interactive movie with 3rd person shooter elements.A very easy game but held together by an excellent sci fi storyline.
As a whole I actually really like Brink bar one factor, movement speed.It just feels slow, even when bounding over obstacles and other parts of the terrain. I am not sure if this is to accommodate Console gamepad gameplay, but as a FPS PC player, this factor is very annoying. It also appears about half the speed of ET:QW which I thought was excellent in terms of movement.Unfortunately, Reflex type gaming is becoming part of history.
The first game in years to make my PC beg for mercy is also one of the finest examples of action Role Playing ever created. From the very start, The Witcher 2 just oozes atmosphere and finally brings back the true RPG experience from yesteryear. Yes, it can be challenging though not on simple 1 dimensional level , challenge comes in many forms not just from combat, you also are submitted to difficult choices and then experience the aftermath of your actions. Don't expect any hand Holding - This is not an interactive movie disguised as an RPG. Ever notice why some of these low ranking reviews only contain press release screenshots? Me too..... 10/10--
I really am not sure what to think of Portal 2.  The charm of the first is lost though this doesn't make it a bad game, at its core Portal 2 is a simple puzzler in an FPS shell and offers a great distraction to more indepth games.Its definately not Half Life type awesomeness and I guess you need to expect that - though I would sacrifice both Portal games for another entry into the Half Life Universe.  I will put this just under Bejewelled in regards to great puzzlers:   70/100.
Play this before you play what will be one of the best PC RPG's of all time.
A fantastic 3D action RPG with plenty of humour and excellent British Voice acting.Severly underated but definately worth your time.
