Good lord, the abundance of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s in this game scares me.Whether you're looking for a brown sausage, an albino ferret or your average joe, 40 year old springroll, this game has it. The soundtrack is straight from an 80's action. So much so that I may as well call the dads in this game; The Sperminator(s). Come to think of it, this game disturbs me. There's a mode where you change your dad (at will) and stretch your arm into the groin-al abyss in the effort of grabbing his meat cigar as if you've been longing for it to go with your burgundy linen and scotch. The future of gaming has been erected in this masterpiece, and it is pointing up! Get your custard launchers into your comfy spot, and buy this assortment of wedding-tackle!
Picked this up for ~$17 on ♥♥♥ and do not regret my purchase. I've had, for the most part, favourable performance with my potato machine getting ~30fps (constant - apart from clunky driving performance).All technicalities aside, the story is the strongest of the Arkham Series so far with an incredible main villian (who is not shown in any of the trailers). The gameplay, when it works, feels about the same if not a bit more fluid than the last games. The world is bigger than Arkham City and is much more interesting when coupled with the beautiful destruction effects from the Batmobile, which iteself is beautiful. The game's predominant downfall (performace aside) is it's constant reliance on the batmobile and vehicular combat. It can get pretty repetitive and would have been much more enjoyable in a smaller dose. If you can get this for $20, I'd highly recommend this game.
I doubt I'll ever see my family again...
You can exit the game in two clicks... 8/8 - IGN
One word: Chaos.
While playing this game I had the most fun that I've had playing games for about a year. I love to be able to mix the elements that you can shoot and the multiple results they can make. This game also has a twisted sense of humour, which I like. I haven't any bugs yet, but I'm still playing. I recommend this highly!!
Good game, but literally full of 7 year olds who you can't mute.
>start new game>this is gonna be good>18 people? no worries>start to die of starvation>crap>down to 3 people>1 girl left>child is born>is boy>uh oh>survive winter on no food>baby girl is born>ey!>boy and girl birth boy>GoT?What can I say about this game? It's alright. A lot of people die. You can survive on incest if things start to turn south.
To advance in the (not so good, but who cares?) story, you have to blow things up ad decapitate statues... Good game? I think so.
