this is a really fun games if you like those action adventure games it is so much fun and for only $14.99 ITS AWESOME
I reccomend this to everyone who loves zombie survival games. This game has so many friendly people more than DayZ so i had alot of great encounters with people. Crossed a road a guy asked me if i wanted to come with him i didnt know how to chat so he shot me but i wasnt mad because he probably thought i was getting a gun. HOLY CRAP A SPIDER!! oh wait just some dust nevermind that back to the game. The game is great the zombie spawn rate isnt too high but no too low, It runs smoothly (depending your internet and computer) ive got a laptop that WASNT made for gaming and it runs smoothly but i do have to turn the graphics low for its best gameplay. I hope you want to get this game because it deserves it. BATTLE ROYALE// battle royale is of course based off battle royale and its good it puts a twist on BR with zombies and not as many guns :) havent played a round of it yet but i'm sure me and you will like it alot. Remember DayZ mod? this is like it except more crafting less zombies less guns but more possibilities of wich some you can take >:)Hero/GoodGuy: This role you will help others but will take action if other player is not friendly, You will give others spare food low graded weapons (because they will possibly turn on you if too op) water and maybe even some crafting supplies.Bandit/BadGuy: You kill any player that sets foot in your sight, You either work in a Bandit group or alone you live off others supplies and only scavange for supplies that can kill! You will never help anyone in need you will torture your victim in any way possible and you may even kill them you may just let them bleed out like a torture mechanism. Neutral/Citizen: You scavange for supplies and try to avoid people in fear of them being a Bandit. You dont kill anyone unless self defence, if you do encounter someone and they see you, you try to talk but you are catious of that little chance of them killing you. You will always be that one guy who has hardly any loot. But Once someone gets good loot they have the choice.Hero?                                                  Or                                            Bandit?
Great Game. I would suggest playing this with friends as it is a waiting game. Probably one of the best free to play games out there.
If your going to get this game! MAKE SURE A FRIEND HAS IT TO it is so fun with a friend travelling the world and being scared out of your mind!
gay
One of the best telltale stories yet! Pros-All the descisions are actually going to effect the game in some way which is great, the graphics are amazing, voice acting is just beatiful. I love and adore this game.Cons-Its mostly kids playing this game, and as the results show, most people chose childish descisions and made me think for awhile, what did I do wrong?
MOST FUNNIEST GAME EVER!!! Whenever I have friends over we play THIS game, funny places to latch onto and histarical fighting.
Starbound Yes Or No? Honestly i love this game it makes me feel like i need to expand my home and advance my charecter and its fun doing that you get quests and some people say its like terraria and if it is than i like this version better there are diamonds copper iron and SPACESHIPS this is one of my favourite features of this game but my most favourite is Multiplayer! my robot GamesAndVids lives in snow wearing snow infantry armor i got a spaceshit with golden walls and i love it just makeing my ship better and my home better its awesome and now and then i invite my friends to come play with me its lots of fun and recently Robert II and I made a band called the starbounders he plays keyboard and i play violin and our song is micheal jackson- Thriller! Come join me on (boundstar.com) come join the fun!
I spawn on the road near the sea i head to a nearby lighthouse to setup camp. But then i hear a helicopter i look up to see that a man has found me and he has offerd me a ride. then we hoverd over chernarus to find a man who needed help. i got off of the helicopter with my sniper to shoot some zombies chasing a man, he thanked me, then me and the guy i saved went to survive in chernarus. We soon find a bus and drive around chernarus but then we hear someone saying FRIENDLY? we found him in a hospital we gave him water food bandages then he headed off, we then found a a factory we head in it. BUT THEN he pulled out a rifle and said. Dont trust anyone. And he shot me in the head.
