CS:GO is one of the many games in the counter strike franchise, it is a game i have been playing since i was a child and has been a eye opener of how much technology has advanced since counter strike started.  It improved and improved as time goes on and has shown me this game is worth keeping.The game is very simple, you are either a Terrorist or a Counter Terrorist.The goal of the Terrorist. To plant the bomb at the selected sites A or B or defend the hostages from  being rescued by the CTAnd the Goal for Counter Terrorist. Defend the bomb sites and rescue the hostages But thats the main gamemode people play which is called Casual. There are many gamemode to choose from in this version of counter strike. The gamemodes other than Casual isDemolition, Competitive and Death MatchGoals for each gamemodeDemolition:  is where you start with one gun and per every kill you get you rank up to the other gun and the goal is to the end of the game is to get the Golden knifeCompetitive: Similar to Casual but stricter, the game is based  on a 5v5 startign with little money and a game that can go to 90 mins. The reason is that it is 30 rounds and the first to 16 wins and 15 being match point.  at 15 rounds the team will swap and the maps are up to you to decide what you want. So for example you just want dust 2 you can just tick dust 2 in your pick of the maps. Team killing is allowed in this gamemode so be careful when u shoot. In competitive you cannot free cam as you can only spectate your team mates and your self for a little bit after you die. The match making is based on your skill level. Unranked is the lowest and the highest is Global elite but dont worry, what rank you are is the systems way of matching players to you Death Match: Death Match is usually the game mode where you practice for competitive because aim is vital in this game. Death Match gives you the option of picking what gun youw want and what Pistol you want to practice agaisnt other players. There is a point system where guns earn you points and guns being selected as random to give you more points if you do get a kill with it.There are many reason why Counter Strike Global Offesnive  differs to other first person shooters. 1 it is constantly being updated, what differs from most fps that they dont usually tweak the game that much but in CS:GO they update regularly. 2.  its a packaged deal, you just buy it and you got everything you need without DLC execpt for gun skins to change the appearance and missions are for ways to complete tasks for a reward of a skin or case in the end. 3 Its cheap. CS GO is very cheap in comparing from the other  main fps titles like Call of Duty, Battlefield etcIn CS GO theres also  some things that most FPS dont havein cs go you have set money and you can earn  through kills and winning rounds to buy better guns in the game either being more accurate or have more damage. Health is also something different most fps's dont have. For example if you are shot in the game you lose health and regenerate like most Fps's right? Wrong, in CS:GO you have a set health with armour to back you up  but if you are shot in the round  you cannot get back the health until the next round.  Hope you love this game more than I and will be fun to see you in CS:GO
