Oh, god, how I miss this game. I really do. There were those times when I'd had a bad day, or just needed to unwind, and cranking up Loadout was the key to quenching that desire to annihilate things. It's actually a kickass game, what with all the weapon combinations and the fast-paced play style, but... I just can't think of Loadout in the same way anymore.I left the game for others in about October, and this March I decided to give it another go, and for some strange reason, I couldn't find a game. Well, the reason? This game has been abandoned. This glorious, beautiful, crude-humored game has been abandoned. Those days where I would join a local server and join the mayhem are long gone. Now I have to join UK servers with 400 ping just to get a match.Where did the atmosphere go, Edge of Reality? On general principles I tend not to judge, but it's hard not to see the developers abandoning the PC version for the PS4 edition as a betrayal of the fanbase. What now? Does some indie developer come along and make a cut-rate version of this that nobody plays? Sorry Loadout, your time has passed.
Takes me back to the days of playing this beautiful game on the PS2 and Wii. The PC version is basically the Wii version with PC optimisations, although I swear I can see some extra content in the PC version...The Wii version in and of itself was incredible, basically merging the original two PS2 games. In keeping with the Wii game, this is also incredible. It's fun, and a hell of a lot of it. At their core, Lego games are pretty basic: Get your Lego minifigures and go nuts in some themed setting, which appeals amazingly to children (Exhibit A being myself about 10 years ago). But the more intricate features (gold/power brick unlocks, challenge mode, etc.) are enough to keep more hardened gamers (Exhibit A being myself right now) coming back for more.And it's Star Wars. Jar Jar actually has a purpose in this game, and you can quite successfully fight Darth Vader with Darth Vader in Free Play mode.Brilliant game, and the nostalgia rush makes it even better.9.5/10
Well, what can I say? Sins of a Solar Empire is brilliant. 9/10The gameplay mechanics do take experience to master, but that's all part of what makes the game so wonderful; there are so many aspects of gameplay to take into consideration when you are in a match, such as culture, research topics, and etcetera. If you think that all you have to do to prevail in a match of Sins is to build a thousand ships and spam orbital cannons, you are sorely mistaken.One thing that appeals to me personally about Sins is the fact that, right from the beginning, you have to meticulously plan out each detail of your empire's expansion, taking into consideration events that could potentially happen hours later.That planet with only one phase lane leading into enemy territory? Chances are your enemy will eventually try to punch through. You'll need to plan for that. The world on the other side of the map that's just starting to produce culture? It will spread to your planets quickly. You'll need to plan for that.That TEC Loyalist player on the other side of the map whose planet pings up for a second with a superweapon alert? You'll especially need to plan for that.The one and only downside for me about Sins is, and I'm sure this is a common one, there's no campaign! The franchise has gone into a good deal of detail creating a backstory, seriously, there's a whole bunch of story content out there. What I would really like to see is an actual in-game campaign in which you can follow one of the three main empires on their quests within this storyline. Another little want of mine is to have a campaign constructor. That would be amazing. If these things were there, a 10/10 game.It's pretty much impossible to get bored of Sins, each game turns out differently from the last. But if, however, you somehow manage to get bored, there's but one thing for that: mods. This game has a Star Trek mod, and subsequently has my seal of approval.This game is amazing. I myself have had endless hours of fun with Sins, and reccommend this entirely to everybody. Get this game right now.
I really, really wanted to give Half-Life 2 a positive review. I truly did.The fact of the matter though is that I was never enthralled by this game. I tried to be, but it's a bit too generic for me to get into. It's definitely fun to pick up the game for a half hour and put holes in a few Combine and headcrabs, but that's as far as it goes for me. The story is okay, too, but nowhere near as good as that of, say the Portal franchise. Hell, probably even TF2 (when you include the web comics) has a better story.If you're a big fan of FPS games, then you'll probably like this game. But when I speak from my own opinion, I just can't recommend Half-Life 2.Rating: 6/10
This game will satisfy your innate urge to hexagon.I can now hexagon.11/10 you must get this game right now.
I sat here for a solid 20 minutes trying to figure out how to praise this game. Eventually I ended up not bothering because no words I can type onto a computer will ever do Team Fortress 2 justice.42/10 would give up English for this game again
I killed one dragon. Immediately after, another one spawns, and follows me only to be stopped by the skeleton of the other. With the skeleton directly between me and the new dragon, the new dragon proceeds to start humping the skeleton. I killed that one and it died in the act.tl;dr: I killed a necrophiliac dragon.11/10 would purge dragons again
*NOTE: THIS IS AN OLD REVIEW. Tiers aren't a thing anymore, but for all effective purposes, the game still handles well in that regard*I totally reccommend this game to anyone and everyone.Generic statement aside, the concept of building and fighting your own personalised robots is not only an amazing idea, but Freejam executed it in a very nice way. You build with the base armor blocks a frame for your robot, and then deck it out with weapons, movement, electroplate (shields) and various other tech. The variety of different things you can build is endless, even now with the game still in development, and there exists a Tier system that sorts robots based on their 'rank' (higher level blocks add more rank) so that, as a newbie you're not getting thrashed by the elites running around with Tier 10 death machines.To me, the only downside is that Robocraft is a little pay-to-win. You can buy GC with real money, which you can use to buy parts at huge discounts, or to get premium, which boosts the amount of Tech Points and Robo Points you earn from battles. It's really, really enticing. Trust me, I have a bunch of Premium. However, this problem gets solved pretty nicely by the Tier system. All you do with premium is advance Tiers more quickly; the way the game is designed prevents premiums from being able to completely destroy non-premiums. So, aside from a little jealousy from the guys you leave behind in the lower Tiers, it really doesn't affect gameplay in any way.ADDITION - 29/10/2015So the first parts of my review are a year old now. Robocraft has seen a LOT of internal changes in that time. That sums up what Robocraft was and still is - an early access game. As a result, I've gone between playing and not playing over the course of the past year, as new changes turn me away from the game but I inevitably come back and learn to love them. Every new update, there are hordes of angry players - 'RIP Robocraft, wtf you doing Freejam I'm never playing this again'. And if you play too, you'll likely feel this way for a few days, but then after that it doesn't really matter. The game is still fun at its core and that's what matters.Overall, I give Robocraft a 9/10
Very awesome game! It's sort of like a combination of sandbox and RPG, and the two genres work surprisingly well together! I've had hours of fun with Terraria, and there will certainly be many more to come. Very much recommended.
What an amazing game! Love how you have to think differently from normal puzzle games, it really stimulates your mind. The story is also fun and involved, and the humour is witty and hilarious! Recommend this 100%, amazing.
