At first, it looked to me that...-Wow, just another plain game... Minecraft Style I guess...-However, after playing it for almost 2 hours, I-'ve realised that this game...Is nothing like Minecraft in terms on gaming content/adventure.If you-'ve ever wished to get DayZ and want to get a first-hand experience of it, this game will be a great start!I do recommend that you guys play with a friend, and not Single Player (Just yet...)My feeling about this game is that it will become a game that requires intense TeamWork, Co-ordination and communication (Recommend: Use Voice Chat in Steam for the meantime).So for those who feel this game isn-'t worth playing because it looks boring, please think twice...I would have regretted my choice if I didn-'t choose to play this game for a while.
Awesome graphics, texture. Reqiures HARDCORE teamwork and Co-Ordination, but all good fun! Go get it now. You won't regret it!
Upside to PAYDAY 2:+ Updates are released every few weeks or maximum 1 month (Some are free, which is a good thing)+ Gets you feeling acomplished by getting free items after every mission+ Able to retry missions that are of different difficulties (Adds challenge to your gameplay)+ Side Jobs (Everyday and every week) to complete, which gives you free items that you would like to haveDownside to PAYDAY 2:- Game sustainability is low (It's a repetitive gameplay; you will get bored after playing it too often)- You must pay for DLCs that may be more fun than the free ones- Lots of things to take note and get used to (Perks, modifying weapons/masks/comestics, etc)Overall rating: 8.5/10
Awesome game! It-'s like L4D2 and Killing Floor, but much more realistic! This game REALLY needs hardcore teamwork, to win Objective Mode and Survival Mode, but other than that, it-'s really fun and -Horrific!-
Compared to Left 4 Dead 2, this game REALLY gives you the creeps and the adrenaline rush to kill the Patrioch. +1 for this gameAlthough it does need some major improvements to how they put in the designs (Not the zombies, the HUDs).Other than that, GREAT game!Thrilling!
You won't regret playing it!
