Trine 2 is an amazing game. Especially with 3-player co-op. It is more of a puzzle type game with you having to work with each team member (who each have special abilities) to complete a certain area. The graphic are one of the stand out features hovever. The world looks so beautiful especially the water, the underwater areas are the best looking parts of the game.I would recommend this game, however, after about 3 hours of playing, the areas began to feel a bit repetitive in terms of gameplay, but still a great game in general.8/10
An absolutely amazing game. Very realistic when it come to launching rockets. I can't actually believe there is a game like this it's perfect and it is still in early access. The fact that you can fly to different planets and moons is awesome, create probes, space station, Moon bases (or in this case Mun bases), landers, and rockets.Why are you still reading this?You should be playing!
Don't listen to what everyone else says, I say that this is a successful new entry into the Civilization series.PROS:-Affinity System: This is a great system when you can really define who your faction is. Each affinity has specific bonuses which are very helpful such as units, and buildings.-Unit Upgrades: Much better than in Civ V where you had to spend gold to upgrade units. The units automatically upgrade and the upgrades are all different depending on the affinity you have chosen.-Combat: THANK YOU! WE CAN NOW DO COMBAT WITH MULTIPLE UNITS AT THE ONE TIME! This speeds up combat a lot.-Tech Web: A large improvement over the tech tree from previous games, you can choose what to reasearch and when. The 'leaf' techs add even more depth.-Covert Ops: The concept of spies from Civ V has been greatly expanded, you can now steal science, energy (the equivalent of gold), destroy their orbital units, send a seige worm on the city or take the city over in a coup. The list goes on.-Explorers: A better version of the Civ V scout, can create expeditions and recieve large bonuses, orbital units, science, affinity points, etc but they are much weaker combat wise than the scout.-Victories: The victories are very diverse in this game, there are three tied to each affinity, the contact victory, and domintation (which we all know). All of the victories require you to build a planetary wonder, which occupies a tile of land in your territory. After you have built it you either wait, which is fairly boring, or with two of the victories (Promised Land and Emancipation) you have to either bring humans to the new world via warp gate or send in powerful units into the warp gate.-Orbital Layer: A great addition. Can be used to create miasma, clear it, destory the enemy, give you a combat bonus, or an increase in energy, culture, science and food.-Health: Health is the equivalent of happiness and it is more dynamic, not only does it have the usual penalties for being unhealthy, there are now bonuses for having high healthiness! However having positive healthiness can be quite hard to achieve if you have many cities, and wonders don't give happiness/heathiness.CONS:-Factions: There are only eight factions in this game which causes the game to become less dynamic as you can usually expect the same leaders in every game. (But there's finally Australia, Woo!)-Demographics: The problem with this is that there is none, I can't check who is leading in what areas (population, techs, energy production). But there is the graphs you can check at the end of the game (by going into 'Other' then 'Replays') like you could in Civ V.-Tech Web: This is also a con becuase is can be very confusing to know what to research, it can also be hard to navigate (but thankfully there's a filter features and a search bar). After playing through the game for a bit it has become easier to navigate (at least at the start)-Buildings and Wonders: This is probably an early game problem but the icons for building and wonders are very confusing, I have to mouse over the building to see what it is before I reasearch it. The wonders are also more 'nerfed' and don't seem to provide as good bonuses as in Civ V, I personally can't find them in the tech web.-Combat: Again, this is a pro and a con as the whole combat system depends on the affinty level everyone has as the units upgrade depending on your affinity level, if you have a low affinity level and the person who you are at war against has a high one, you know who will lose.-Achievements: There's just a lack of them, Civ V had 287 achievements, Civ BE only has 64 and they aren't as dynamic as the ones in Civ V, this decreases its replay value.Overall this is a great game. I give it an 8.75/10
