This game is great for fans of the original Alien movie! And stealth game fans.I have played this through on hard and I can say the AI is as good as they say, I have had to deal with a lot of bad AI and bad AI is worse when you are in a stealth game. The Alien is random (or “Sudo Random” as programing usually is) it does patrol in different areas but it is not as ridged as the patrols of as say the Hitman games. In one example I decided to follow it so I would know where it was and not bump into it, unfortunately it stopped and decided to turn around and back track = Dead > Reload. I then started to base movement on hiding spots, I rated Lockers as Medium since the alien more often sniffs them out and you lose health while holding your breath, at the top I had well positioned tables with no line of sight to doors, I had a premo spot that was behind a reception desk in a corner, I thought this was safe….Wrong! The alien walked by a few times while waited to time my move to the next room and it decided it hadn’t checked my hiding spot and walked around the desk and peeked under = Dead > Reload.As for the many many bad reviews I have read listing “Plot holes” all I can say is if you have not watched Alien with Directors commentary and seen the cut scenes then you have no idea about the Alien universe and should not be commenting on them. From the start this game has been a homage to the original movie not Aliens or Alien 3, you don’t get the whole picture you are just an average WY Engineer stuck in a mess. Your main priority is getting off the station not figuring out the how and the why, you get snippets of that along the way but mainly you just don’t want to die.Minor Spoiler Alert / Hint (No details but you’ll get some of the plot) Aside from my points above the ambiguity of the alien life cycle in this game can be explained. If you have ever watched any documentaries on Bees and how sister bees are ‘supressed’ chemically it becomes viable for sister bees to start reproducing when not being supressed by a queen, check out this BBC link for more info http://www.bbc.co.uk/nature/17854061. Without spoiling the plot too much this game can tie in to the originals and can expand on it without interfering with the trilogy canon. (I do not recognise Resurrection as a movie, I am in denial, it never happened, la la la la.)The game does have some bugs and slightly annoying dynamics, floating revolvers, revolvers that you can’t pick up as it is a scripted event, or the lack of any jumping ability (Oh look small boxes are blocking my path oh well I can’t jump over them). Also painfully slow access to terminals and hacking, I would start a hack only to hear the alien drop from a nearby vent, frantically I’d try to cancel the hack and it would take forever! If I was in that position I would drop what I was doing and F*%$ off quick smart.This game has potential for expansion on an open station theme, I would have liked to see a game mode that started you out on the station before the alien starts killing people, it would have been like a game of last man standing. You & station NPCs are trying to survive as long as possible and you can access all parts of the station with the right tools, said tools can be accessed from the start and not in story stages like the campaign.Overall I think Alien Isolation is an excellent game with a great amount thought put into a classic Alien story line, the environments are polished, characters are very detailed and voiced acted very well. Also even after my first play though I am still hiding under desks and in lockers refusing come out, the game should be called Locker Simulator.
