gr10 b10 m10 i r10 10/10
Star Wars: KotOR II - The Sith Lords is one of my favourite games of all time - in that way, it very much lives up to my love for its predecessor. The two tie for the #1 spot on my all-time favourite single-player game, and are cumulatively my favourite story ever, as far as I can say off the top of my head. (NOTE: TL;DR at bottom.)  KotOR II is a third-person RPG game, with largely turn-based combat. Whilst I certainly have a few problems with it, I truly believe that this game (as well as KotOR) is a game that any die-hard Star Wars or RPG enthusiast need to experience. I'll break this review up into a few short segments based around the story in particular (as the most important part of this game is by far the story), and will be reviewing this from a largely biased position, as I've been a fan of this franchise for over a decade. I'm new to the whole reviewing thing too, so forgive any mistakes on my part. For those of you who are just looking for a TL;DR, here are the pros and cons:PROS -Carefully crafted story, one that manages to touch the heart of most die-hard SW fans in a very powerful way. It’s absolutely great in just about every aspect, and it does something no other game does – it paints in grey strokes about the nature of the Force, not just ‘good’ and ‘bad’. -Aesthetic and visuals hold up in the majority of places, considering its age. Just don’t look at the back of the Ebon Hawk, whatever you do. It’s certainly no stunner, however – if you’re cool with a lot of somewhat muddy textures you’ll be fine.  -Fans of the first game won’t have their love for the first game cast into the dirt like a dead corpse. KotOR II respects the first game and doesn’t undermine it. On an unrelated note, the same isn’t the case with the MMO. -There’re some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ hilarious and exceptional characters. HK-47 kicks ♥♥♥. -Combat is pretty damn neat, and becomes more satisfying as you progress through the game. Not everyone will love it, though. CONS-Throughout a lot of the game, you may find yourself doing busywork that takes far too long based almost always on where you have to go. A certain mission sends you back and forth through an entire city twice, which is infuriatingly needless. Additionally, any who were a fan of the “RETURN TO EBON HAWK” feature will have to do without this time around. -There are times when your goal is not clear. The mission overview page could rely a little less on my memory, as it often lists only what I’ve done and what *will* happen, but not what I need to do. -Not all will be a fan of the UI, or the aesthetic – though personally, I like them both. There are places where textures go beyond horrific, but thankfully the majority of the game is free from that. -Thanks to Disney, the game technically isn’t canon. The most we’ve gotten in terms of that is a reference to a planet in the original game, as far as I know. I don’t know why playing non-canon stuff would be an issue, but I imagine someone out there will have a problem with it in one way or another. “Ugh, I’ve tainted myself with “extended universe” filth!”- Music can bug out and become repetitive. - Audio can fluctuate at times, forcing you to rip off your headset and smash your ‘lower volume’ key with a clenched fist. -Voice acting noticeably varies in quality. At times certain characters will suddenly sound as though they’re a different person (because it *is* a different person behind the voice). It ruins my immersion, I tell you!-Some characters could use a little love. For example, Nihilus - the guy in the skull-y looking mask - has very little established story, though what story there about him is certainly engaging. ---STORY - (Don't worry, I'm not going to spoil anything.)This is the jewel of the game - again, much like its predecessor. KotOR II has a story that tugs at my heart, in no small part due to KotOR. If you want to delve into a world that’s chock full of lore surrounding the Force as well as the Star Wars universe at large, then KotOR II is the world for you. Now, as a recommendation before I go any further, the story of KotOR II is hugely complemented by the first game. Whilst it isn’t necessarily crucial to play KotOR first and KotOR II is perfectly capable of standing on its own legs, there are quite a few references to characters and the plot that won’t quite make sense, which would be a travesty in my eyes. KotOR itself, though, certainly has a story that stands better by itself than KotOR II could, as KotOR II makes references that without the existence of KotOR would make far less sense and have barely any impact. If you’re someone that takes a great interest in the Force, paying attention to key details in both games will go a long way. *Sorry for spamming “KotOR” there. The intertwined stories of the two games intimidate me, as a wishfully aspiring author. Now, whilst this opinion is subjective, I genuinely believe that the story (including the first game) lives up to the movie saga itself – an opinion I’m sure I’m to receive a lot of flak for. However, there is absolutely no doubt that the lore of KotOR II is immense, and if coupled with lore from KotOR, they far surpass the lore in the saga – I suspect that nearly all who’ve taken their time with this game(s) will agree with me. There is little I can say about the story without spoiling it, so I can really only recommend that you experience it for yourself. The ‘protagonist’ of the full story is to this day my favourite character in anything. Yes, I even like them more than the likes of Vader, Master Chief and Solid Snake. (to be fair I’ve only played a bit of Metal Gear.) Perhaps that’s because I was a lot younger when I first played KotOR, but I stand by my love for the protagonist. PLOT: The plot of KotOR II keeps the pace going and cuts off loose ends from KotOR, resulting in a very tidy story, with a small few exceptions – important questions that the more curious players may have asked themselves in the first game have been answered in a very satisfying way. It doesn’t need to stand on KotOR’s plot - the story of the Exile is just as enthralling as that of the former game. CHARACTERS AND THEIR DEVELOPMENT: There are noticeable improvements on character development in this game. The characters that surround you on your journey are very in-depth, and less predictable than the previous game’s characters were. A few welcome faces from KotOR also join the mix, something that strummed my nostalgia-guitar to a mellow tune – if you were a fan of say, T3-M4 and HK-47, you’ll be pleased to know they’re back. The only issue I can say I have with this is that you may not get a chance to interact fully with all the characters in one playthrough, especially if it’s your first time. Then again, that’s what replays are for, right? PACINGThis comes down to the player, for the most part. The sooner you get into high gear, the sooner you can blitz through the story if you want that. Given that it’s a game full of stuff to loot, chances are the pacing will be right for you – whether you want to get it over and done with – running past loot – or if you want to take your time and soak in the world. CONCLUSIONBuy it. It’s seriously an incredible experience that no one should go without. Better yet, buy the original and play that first, then this. I’m always going to have memories of this game and the original, and will fondly take them to my grave. If I were to assign it a rating (which I disagree with but some insist on having them in reviews) I’d give it a perfect ten, which is something I don’t think I’m going to do much in my life.
Game feels really locked in at the start, and graphics aren't spectacular but I can forgive that. The tutorial does a relatively nice job of familiarizing us with the gameplay mechanics, such as shooty-shooty-blam-blam, but even then some parts of the game feel difficult to navigate - such as the inventory screen. I'd have to recommend this at the price I got it for, 10 money. Still playing it and getting a feel for it, so please don't base your decision off my review.
Really needs a ♥♥♥♥ing graphics fix, badly, but we know it won-'t get one. Gameplay is decent for the most part, hipshooting could feel so much better and hitboxes aren-'t perfect at all, but the vehicle driving and/or boosts for them are really nice. Movement feels a little clunky, perhaps a nicer -running- animation (more suitable screen shake and such) could fix that. The slight lean when moving left/right is really nice, and one of the main things that I like about this. Overall, I-'d recommend this game for anyone that can stand bad terrain (IE: Walls, hills) and likes a challenge in shooting bad dudes. Plenty of bad things with this game, but the sale price I got it for makes up for that and frankly, that should be the default price by this point.
bang bang shooty blam blam                      fun
Looks horrific, voice acting is horrific. Can't reccomend it or provide much more input as I only managed 2/3rd's of an hour on it.
♥♥♥♥♥♥ port, terrible configuration. Great game, but unplayable on PC. Can't even savegame without Games For Windows Live, which is now shut down.
*Changed review to negative. Overkill is an anti-consumer, pro-microtransactions company that spews out DLC like chips from a woodchipper. They have long abandoned all regard for the sense of honesty and the quality products they once had in their hands when they released Payday 1 - their practices today are the definition of good-gone-bad. Do not trust this company, and do not buy their products. Perhaps someday in the distant future they will be a reputable and honest company.
Not enough effort, same map and vehicles used for the most part. Story coulda been more comprehensible, too. SR3 was insane but possible to become emotionally attached to. This, not so much. I ONLY recommend it if you haven't played SR3.
