I gotta say, I've never heard of the Hyperdimension Neptunia series until early this year. After watching a playthough of this, I decided to get it. I loved it. Hilarious conversations, great character interactions and developments and a pretty good plot (Although one of the characters creeped me out). The downside? A LOT OF FOURTH WALL BREAKING. Gameplay is decent, just like other turn-based combat games. You will need to do quite a lot of level grinding if you don't own the DLC though. Nevertheless, I definitely recommend playing this game, even if you are not interested in JRPGs. It is good entertainment - you will be laughing at 75% of the events in the game!
A good balance between a racing sim and arcade. Need for Speed Shift is all about racing on a racetrack, and fighting through the pack to place in the Top 3. There is also drift mode, where you score the most combined points in three rounds to win. The driving physics are decent, not too bad, but not great either. There are a good selection of cars that you can own (although it sucks that you can only buy 1 unit of each car) and a range of real world tracks (Nurburgring, Spa, Silverstone, etc.). Those make a pretty good legal racing game.The annoying thing is cheap AI in car battle mode, especially in Autopolis GP. They can just tackle a tight hairpin (turn 4) at 100+ km/h without understeering... Also, there are some unfair car battle matchups, when 1 car is a lot faster than the other (Audi R8 vs Aston Martin V8 Vantage for example) and no matter how good your driving is, you'll still lose in the slower car (unless you play dirty). Overall, it is still a good racing game to play if you are looking for a mixture of simulation and arcadey style of racing.
MXGP, the official motocross videogame. This is a good simulation of the real motocross event and how the bike handles. You can play as the official riders and race on the real world motocross tracks. Also, you get bikes like KTM, Suzuki, Honda, Yamaha, Kawasaki and Tm (I don't remember the last manufacturer). In Career mode, you start as a wildcard rider and if you are good enough, you'll move up to the MX1 class. The riding physics are good, and it is somewhat newbie-friendly. It will take a while to get used to the handling of the bike, and the AI (on easy they can be a challenge if you are new to the game).One drawback is you can't turn off the controller vibration. This is pretty annoying, especially for someone who doesn't like to play with vibration (like me). The multiplayer? There's almost no one playing there, but it doesn't bother me.If you are planning to get this game, I suggest that you get a controller first. You'll have a hard time playing using the keyboard. If you like racing or sports games, I would recommend this game. It's a pretty fun game overall.
Feel the joy of riding your music. It can get from calm to intense!
If you are a rally fan, I would recommend this game. The graphics are great, the gameplay is great, and the simulation of a real rally is great.
For Burnout Racers and players who enjoy playing racing games, this is a game that you will like. It features a big city to cruise around, while being able to smash billboards, security gates, and show off your car in super jumps (if you can find them). The showtime feature brings you into crash mode, which allows you to cause as much damage as possible. It has 120 events for you to complete in Single Player, unlocking more cars as you progress through the game and upgrading to the Burnout Licence. I would recommend this game for racers who enjoy racing games!
Despite being 4-year-old game, I still think that this game is worth playing. This game doesn't actually require much skill in FPS, so it's a relatively simple game for starters (except higher difficulties). The gameplay is fascinating, with the addition of melee weapons. In addition, go ahead and use mods to enhance your gameplay experience (if you think the game is not cool enough). Visit the Steam Workshop or L4DMaps.com to download and install your favourite mods made by the community. If you are a new player, I suggest playing Single Player before heading into Multiplayer. Get used to the weapons and campaigns first. Once you have acquired those skills, then head into multiplayer. Make some friends, and enjoy! Be careful though, there are malacious players out there (teamkilling and ruining the game on purpose), so try to avoid playing with those players. Anyway, I would recommend playing this game if you are a fan of zombie-killing or First-person shooter games!
Like power-up racing? Like Blur and/or Mario Kart? Then you'll like this game. It's basically Mario Kart with Rally cars and rally stages. It's quite challenging, even if the AI difficulty is on easy. For only $3.99, you can get quite a good arcade racing game.One thing though: The steering is VERY sensitive when using a keyboard. It's better to use a controller when playing this game.Other than that, it is an awesome game.
Enjoy intense racing while trying to dominate every district in the city!
