I remember my first night at freddys... It was so wonderful and joyful untill that guy on the phone called me and scared the living hell out of me. But I still would reccomend this game to anybody. What is five nights at freddys? Five nights at freddys Is a game made by Scott Cawthon from drawing images and voice acting. Puting these two together in some -special- game making software can create the perfect baby! and that baby was five nights at freddys. You should get this game right now while its on sale or else you know he-'ll come for you in your sleep. I mean nothing strange will happen at all Hehehehehhehee...
I'm GabeN and this is my review!Here at Valve software we don't care about quality or great gameplay; like you all think we do! It was a majestic day. My two russian maid wives had cooked me the perfect breakfast, of 426 fried pancakes with a side of sugar coated blueberrys. I unhooked my prostetic, dysfunctional legs and equipped my 4x4 wheels. As I gracefuly mowed down the building, I finaly made it to my office. After eating an entire mcdonalds menu (including the building and staff) I had recieved an electronic transmission from a man named, Sir. Scott Cawthon. He had instructed these very detailed step's for me. Let FNaF 2 onto steam and it will plauge the whole nation, then I will give you 99.9% of all profits. It was a great deal! I took it and began to live the good life as the disease infected the whole world and finally died 30 years later. gg m72
A refresh for the futuristic side of the franchise...Call of Duty: Black Ops III was an insane thought after the horrid reception of AW but I believe the game has justified itself correctly and may actually be one of the best Call of Duty's yet! (in my opinion) The movement system is fluent and feels right, even if this is your first CoD since the boots on the ground era; and while it took a while to get used too, I believe it works well with the orientation of the game.As usual Treyarch has blown my mind with an incredible game that some how overpassed all of the negativity that surrounded it in it's development stage. a Great game and the multiplayer starter pack (for only 15 dollars!) is a good option if your not sure that you will enjoy the experience.
eZ wins... eZ skins?
it alright
Oh my... Sc00t C00thon you have did it again! Gamers love change and you have given us a completley new experience in the FNaF universe. Good job Scott. You always manage to please me :D
Great it really helped me make my fnaf fan game :D (http://gamejolt.com/games/strategy-sim/five-nights-at-freddy-s-2-the-prequel-read-description/43926/)
