what can i say, i have 62 hours on record.8/10
This game is super. I mean it's not really a game anyway it's just a mod someone put together for Half-Life 2 and made it into a full release. Nevertheless, this game is fenominal, there are so many options in what you can do with mods and so many gamemodes to choose from as well!Update: This game is ♥♥♥♥. This game used to be amazing, but recently whenever I open my game it crashes. It opens to a blue screen with loading in the bottom right (like usual), then it stops and says 'hl2.exe has stopped working'. I have reinstalled it, verified the cache, and done just about everything on the internet, but it still doesnt work. Old Score: Other than a few bugs, 9/10New Score: 3/10 :(
Picture this. Your sitting alone on a sunday morning, your girlfriend just broke up with you, you have used up all your tissues and you really have to go to the toilet, but you cannot move. You read up online that a great way to get over your loss is to rub your testicals in Dijon Mustard. So you drag yourself to the kitchen, open the fridge, grab the mustard, pull down your pants and go to work. What you didn't realise is that it felt amazing. It was like Tim Tams and tea or sex and breaking bad. This is what Rocket League is. Its ♥♥♥♥ing amazing
build ur sweggy plane then blow up other people's sweggy planes before having to rebuild ur sweggy plane to make it sweggier because you realised your plane wasnt that sweggy in the first place.420/10
i give this game the 3 p's. peaceful, pointless and pcheap (silent p).pls dont buy this game if u want amazing revolutionary gameplay.
this game isnt for everyone as a majority of the online community doesnt have the capability to cooperate with teamates, but for the people who can, and want a very cool experience about manning a ♥♥♥♥ing airboat. then this game is for you.pls have a sequel with massive space ships and lazorsssss8.5/10
this game is pretty good for its priceand its name is simply the best8/10
pew pew pew lazorzzz explosisoonnzzz loollzzzz gr8 m80 i recomenmeddd u play coop coz tha funnys are 2 b had9/10
all i have to say is that there are many ayy lmao momentsbut these ayy lmao moments cant really get any more than one lmao out of them9/10
