2deep5anyone. Voice acting is good if you like to listen to mentally challenged russians drawl about things in completely inappropriate tones. Besides that its absolutely CUUHRAAAAZY! So much ♥♥♥♥ to think about you might get an aneurysm. -Every unit has it's own limited ammo, and health and stamina! -Tank shells, bullets and explosives all interact realistically with the environment! -You can wear the other teams helmets for the ultimate fashion statement! -♥♥♥♥ breaks! -Running over corpses produces a SO REAL explosion of gore! -Driving tanks into rivers makes them stop functioning! -and much more!
A really amazing take on survival with horror elements and well-implemented crafting, building and player needs systems! Also, actually consistent and awesome dev support. 10/10 just for that.
Metro: Last Light is a stunningly atmospheric and haunting first-person shooter in which you play Artyom, the young man who saved humanity from the threat of the Dark Ones at the conclusion of Metro 2033. You must take up arms once more to save the metro from impending doom (!!!!1!). This time, however, the threat is much closer to home.  At every turn, you will be reminded of the desolation of the nuclear catastrophe that ended the world as we know it. The ghosts of the dead, the ruins of Moscow and once-great landmarks like the Kremlin, and the dirty, shambolic metro townships all elicit some measure of the despair and sadness that plagues what is left of humanity as they attempt to survive the grave new world their destruction has left behind. The top-notch graphics and sound-work make the world extremely immersive and realistic.   The gameplay fits well with the atmosphere the game provides, with scarce ammunition, the bullet currency system, deadly enemies and regular stealth sections all coming together to give the impression of bare-knuckled survival. The enemy AI is a bit lacklustre at times, but this is only noticeable in a few cases. It generally makes you feel very vulnerable and threatened at all times. For a game made by a relatively small team of developers, this is an awesome achievement!    Also, the soundtrack is just perfect.9/10 Do recommend
So much camp and cheese you might think you're at a French boy-scout convention. And neon. lots of neon.
WUB--WUBHe went back in time...WUB--WUBBut Hell came with him.WUBWUBBZZZZZZZWUBZZZWUBWUBIn this sequel to Constantine, Keanu Reeves travels back to World War One for a much needed holiday Kraut-Killing fest. But those pesky Hell-spawn, witches and ghosts followed him in their demonic DeLorean, and are stealing all of his kills! Control Keanu as he 420-noscopes zombie Germans and kicks and eviscerates the living Hell out of his enemies! Set your enemies alight, and BLAZEIT ♥♥♥♥♥♥! Watch out for the 'Poison Gas', lest you wish to be struck by depthless hunger! The ultimate adventure!Movie tie-in coming to cinemas 2014.
The best killer bald-man simulator since... well, the last one.Point list!-Good graphics-Nice soundtrack-Open ended gameplay-Pretty sure you can dress as a clown-Dual silverballers-DUAL. SILVERBALLERS-DUALSILVERBALLERS  OHGOD MY ♥♥♥♥-Everyday hardware makes killing a breeze!If you've always wanted to earn money by killing people, but were put off by the excessive legal and moral complications, then this game is for you!
9/10 would have a heart attack again
So white it's racist. I guess that's why they made the MC Asian.
