The Walking Dead, a emontional game takes you on a amazing roller coster that you just execpt the fact that even though it is a bit cartoony it is a great and epic game. I would give this game a massive 10/10 its so good. Also there is a new Walking Dead game coming out this month it is called The Walking Dead: Season 2 which continues the story of Clemintine a little girl orphaned by the undead apocolypse left to fend for herself im not gonna spoil the first season which is the game im leaving a preview on, talking about Season 2 again I would denfintly already say to give it a 10/10 but i haven't played it to know how good it is but I must say the tralier itself is epic! I hope you all read this to buy the The Walking Dead and leave a comment rating how good it is!
This game takes place after the events of Borderlands 2, the story is about two wannabe vault hunters who get into alot of trouble on Pandora. One of them is a hyperion worker whos on the way to earn a promotion his name is Rhys - the other one is a Con-Artist who is selling a fake vault key for ten million dollars and her name is Fiona. So far only two episodes have come out but it is all worth the twenty-five dollars because this game includes action, great story, awesome mechanics, good graphics, and alot more to offer. Episode one focuses on our two heros (kinda) while episode two starts to open up more action and backstory although episode one has some action in it episode two brings the fire (literally). In conclusion Tales from the Borderlands is one of Telltales best games in my opinion and I recommend this game to anyone. :) :) :)
This game is a great game and I will say that and not regret saying it, It is a class based game and I like all the classes and dont get me wrong we love the classes but it just needs maybe 1-2 more classes. Team Fortress 2 is a great FPS (I would say better then CoD!) and a funny, bloody and creative game. Now I would give this game a uncontroable 9/10 it those deserve a 10/10 but it needs 1-2 more classes, plus a Minimap (Just saying!).
