Ori and the Blind Forest looks like a simple platformer with similiarities to the new Rayman games and Super Meat Boy. I can assure you that while those accusations are true that is not a bad thing as it takes the best parts of both worlds and slams it together with a few new mechanics introduced frequently that keep the game fresh and exciting.Ori features a few new ideas including a skill tree in a platformer (say what?) and parkour features like bash. The skill tree offers alot of variety as in to what style you will play the game whether you want to have offence, guidance or utility. Bash is one of my favourite mechanics as it makes very interesting puzzles, fights and parkour. The only thing original I'll rat on is the boring combat system, I just feel like they could've done at least aiming rather than a boring autolock attack. They tried to spice it up by adding the Charge Bomb but I feel that it just kind of serves a purpose in the outside map, not in combat. The visuals are astounding, I swear if you are not playing it on max qualities it's a sin. Every part of the game looks fantastic from the haunting mysterious misty woods to the enchantingly beautiful thornfelt swamp, every part is an asset and a wonderful sight to see. Animation and effects look great too. The main characters animations are a stand point from graceful Ori to the slumpy Naru and the scale and fright emitting from Kuro. Attacks are bright and colourful which interact with the light of the background. I can't live with out mentioning the soundtrack which has vocals that bring the tunes out of the game and into real life with you whistling at the grocery shop. They all represent the moment they play in and add to the games already astounding atmosphere.In summary I'd say the Ori and the Blind forest is a bright and colourful Rayman / Super Meat Boy game with intriguing story, mechanics, music and gameplay. I think the only negatives of the game would be the slightly under welming combat, it's a bit short and some difficulty spikes but I find that like in Super Meat Boy this make it way more rewarding when you accomplish a difficult challenge.Overall Rating: 96% A must have for platformer enthusiasts.Please make a sequel Moon Studios ;)
Its pretty ♥♥♥♥♥ good so play it ya ♥♥♥♥
