So up until the last few days this game has been great fun, steadily progressing through the ranks, and making visable progress. Now the update has come where they f*** you over. -Congrats on reaching 850 hours, now start again-. With the reworking to the ranking system, deranking has become easy and all the top players are having a great time coming down to the lower ranks. I had made steady progress from silver 1 to MGE and now wooo, back to Nova 3, where the party is just getting started. If you asked me two weeks ago if CSGO was worth the money, Id say sure! It-'ll take a few years off your like but it is totally worth it. but now, not so much. You are more looking at buying a new pc because your old one has gone through the f***ing window. Sort out your S*** devs
Alright, so I used to play this game back in the day. Bandits were the main threat, and shots were flying before you even spawned. That was a challange I liked to take. So today, I saw -Wow, an update! Sweet!- So naturally, I started the game up. First thing I saw was the loading screen with a bar that didnt move for a good minute or so. great. Alright, so maybe its just my pc. who knows. Once im in, I see a new GUI menu. not bad, could use some tweaks, but not bad. Singleplayer it is! Alright, so there is a new map. I can go with that! PEI was getting a little old.Life 1 So I spawn in at a random location, and in all honesty it wouldnt have matter whether it was random or not, all I could see was snow and my nice healthbar decreasing at a steady rate. I was dead before I found a house.Life 2 -Okay- I think to myself. -Maybe it was just bad luck?-. I try again. Once again, my health is decreasing by 5 hp every, say, 5 seconds? this time I make it to a house and find what looks like a backpack. score! checking my inventory, I promptly find that it was, in fact, a generator and that a zombie was munching on my leg. Needless to say, that ended rather quickly.Life 3I spawn at some sort of crate yard, well, not directly it in, but near enough to reach it with around half my heath disappearing into the ether. Here, I come across my second Undead. It was its back to me, and I had just round a hammer, of sorts, in one of the near-by crates. Clutching the hammer in my sweaty palms, I swing it at the zombie. It caves the skull in, oh wait, no it didnt. The zombie, clearly unphased, does an odd sort of pirouette and starts chasing my on all fours. Never to fear! Here comes my old gameplay skills coming in handy! Just sprint away, then turn and bash it in the face! But alas that was not so. the zombie was stuck halfway up my ♥♥♥♥ and was eating me from the inside out. Unfortunately, I bled out before I even registered that I was dying.Life 4Now, running from aaaany other zombies would be fine, as thew were all slow and sluggish, but these gorilla like zombies, hobbling on all fours seem to disobey the laws of momentum, as they accelerated fast than a block man sprinting his ♥♥♥♥ off. 3 seconds later, he runs out of energy. What is my character, an average American? Even I can run further that on a full stomach! Man, stamina is a ♥♥♥♥♥.Finally, I alt-f4 and resort to writing this fun-filled experience. I am not going to downvote this game, as I still feel that maybe I was just unlucky? It used to be so good... oh, who knows.
