Watch_Dogs is exactly what you think it is. It’s Assassin’s Creed meets GTA meets Batman. it’s a great game that combines some smart ideas with an innovative and detailed Chicargo city. Watch_Dogs is full wonderful moments and features making the experience extremely impressive.The plot focuses on the high-tech exploits of Aiden Pearce, hacker and self-styled vigilante. Before the action starts we learn that Pearce and his partner Damien get involved in a risky hack job at a hotel, a mission that goes hideously wrong and ends up with an unknown villain retaliating against Aiden. His niece, Lena, dies in the crossfire and so begins a classic tale of one man’s quest for answers and revenge. For all the game’s reliance on tech, it’s the basest of human emotions that drives the story forward, which is either a clever nod from the developers or a lucky coincidence.At first glance, Chicago is a lively mixture of skyscrapers, slums, and the countryside. Look closer, though, and the city’s true beauty becomes apparent. It’s densely packed with details, hidey-holes, and some utterly dark secrets. Many of which you only start to discover once you start poking around in the side-missions. Perhaps my favourite moment in the whole game happens when I cause a mighty car crash, and see a couple of ghoulish pedestrians taking videos of the carnage on their phones. It really brought the game alive for me. In rare moments of sunshine the game looks beautiful, really showing off its new-generation credentials.It was vital to pack so much into Chicago itself, because the city is intrinsically linked to how this game plays. Unless you’ve been living under a hermit, who has been living under a rock, for the past three years, you know that Aiden’s phone can hack various things within the environment. This is what separates Watch Dogs from other open-world games.Hacking cameras, for example, lets you probe and explore every inch of the city. There are cameras EVERYWHERE!! You can--if you want--traverse huge in-game distances by hopping from one hackable device to the next. It’s hugely liberating, and provides loads of strategic gameplay options. One sweet example happens when another player invades my game to try and hack my phone for secrets and cash. Instead of rushing after my attacker, revealing my position, I hack the cameras and jump between them until I’ve profiled him. I then quickly, quietly flank his hiding place before terminating his intrusion with a shotgun shell to the brain. Good night, and a truly unique Watch_Dogs moment.Im giving Watch_Dogs a 7/10 because of how well done the story is but once the story is complete theres nothing to really do in the game.
Okay so my #1 Rule when reviewing a game is that I must at least play 100 hours so that I can get a real feel for the game, but for Heroes & Generals I had to make an exception... For starters it-'s a free to play MMOFPS set in WWII. Unlike traditional lobby based shooters, Battles fought within Heroes and Generals contribute towards a continuously changing world based on the battles that are fought and won by the players in this war-torn European country side. High ranking players acting as “Generals” command various assault teams towards key objective locations within the world. Once an assault team has been moved into play it is up to the -Heroes- to determine what happens, with the help of there commanding general giving them there orders. Now he-'s why I am posting this review so early compared to usual. On my first ever game of Heroes & Generals I was given the oppitunity to feel like a total badass... Here-'s the senario, there was an abandoned farmhouse deep within German lines with a group of four germans guarding the area that we had been told to take out. Me and my squad of 2 other were coming down the hill towards the farmhouse, the Pvt. to my left gets sniped from the vantage point positioned within the first of the two barns. The rest of the team and I take cover before running inside, taking out the guy up in the vantage point before we get flanked from behind and as he gets a few shots off, two hit my team-mate killing him, I dash behind some barrel and taking two pot-shots at him hitting him twise, once in the chest and the second in the heard landing him in the cart behind him. I run into the other barn taking out the other two guys swiftly then I go to check outside for re-enforcements. Indeed there was, a jeep carrying four men was heading towards the farm, so i get behind cover and get ready for an ambush in the time I have. As the jeep pulls up i roll a grenade under the chassy. The explosion took out two of the guys, the other two, shell shocked stumble into the barn seeking cover, I manage to shoot one in the back then flank around then assassinate the other with my knife...So for Heroes & Generals im giving the game a 6/10 because of its well thought out battles but there are quite a few bugs, but it is still in early access
Skyrim is the fifth instalment in the Elder Scrolls series and is another great game in the long running franchise. Like earlier games in the series, you create the character of your dreams and make your own way around a large world completing quests, discovering locations, finding items and interacting with NPCs. It is really up to you how you want to play; whether that be as a character such as a noble swordsman, sneaky thief or sorcerer. There's just so much lore behind everything you see and do during your time in Skyrim. The graphics and audio have been drastically improved in Skyrim and the whole ice sort of environment looks fantastic with lots of atmospheric effects. The in-game cinematic at the start of Skyrim really sets the scene well and is definitely better than the introduction that Morrowind and Oblivion had. If I were to criticise the game, it is that this alongside the other Elder Scrolls games have no multiplayer whatsoever, so the game does have that lonely feeling sometimes. Still, this is a minor complaint really. If you like RPGs or even if you don't, Skyrim is a game that is simply fantastic and is well worth your time and money. And boy those side quest just never stop...It's a 10/10 for The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, this game deserves every bit of this score, I simply cannot urge you enough to try this game for yourself
Since purchasing this game, space engineers has quickly become one of my favorite titles in my library even thought it's still in early access. Space Engineers is a game based around creating ships for mining, combat and salvage using a relatively simple set of parts, such as rotors, cockpits and drills. These can be used to create simple combat ships piloted by the player, large cargo and player transport vessels or even remote mining drones, using the remote control and camera blocks currently implemented in the game. Space Engineers is easy to learn, but difficult to master. New players can quickly build a small ship for simple purposes and eventually move on to designing large-scale automatic mining drones and other such creations. The graphics are not particularly impressive, but certainly get the job done in a satisfactory way. The music and sound design fits the game perfectly, featuring songs of a graceful and occasionally epic timbre, perfectly fitting the graceful, epic setting of space. The inclusion of multi-player in this game is a welcome addition and is a lot of fun with friends who know what they're doing. The game is not perfect though, as can be expected with early access titles. Overall, Space Engineers is an incredibly rewarding and satisfying experience, both with and without friends to play with. If you are interested in physics-based ship construction or more complicated survival-based games, i would highly recommend that you support Keen Software House and pick the game up. Space Engineers in my eyes is amazing, thats why im giving it an 8/10 for its clever design and brilliant gameplay.
Rust is by far better then DayZ I might say so myself, now many of you are going to disagree with me but a mixture of Minecraft, Stalker and DayZ that is what you call a Great combination for an MMO Zombie Survival Game. I dont really need to say much about this game, well really I dont have to say anything at all because it has taken my breath away. Lately Zombie Survival Games have been poping up absolutly everywhere but not many have hit that spot that makes a game what a game is ment to be. Now understand this game is still in Alpha and it already has the world talking about it. Now I know DayZ has all the glory, history and rememberance it needs but please give this game a change would you, promise it will hit that spot... For Rust awe-inspiring graphics and gameplay, im giving it a 6/10
The producers of this game have done an Awesome job. The amount of effort, time and money put into this game has blown me away. I have put over half a dozen months into this game and spent every last penny I own buying the many DLC's. If all you want is the best open world, cartoon, action game here you go. It never gets boring, with over EIGHTY THOUSAND different weapons, sheilds, grenades, player upgrades and ♥♥♥♥ING KICKASS LEGENDARIES!! From bandits to robots to flying cities to Dragons you will have the ride of your life in this ♥♥♥♥ed up world of Borderlands 2... This game is a 20/10 and thats all that needs to be said... Also dont forget to visit the Badass Crater of BADASSITUDE!!!
