If you haven't played this - Do it right away. Great story. Great location. Great action.At first it feels strange in the shooting department,but what it lacks in mechanics - it gatters in story and atmosphere.Definetly a must have.Personal score: 8/10
As a fan of the TR series I was a bit doubtful for this one... Just too many years have past sinced the last good Tomb Raider game. But Crystal Dynamics pleasantly suprised me. I will say this once and I hope the next game will be even better: This is the best TR game ever - Period!!Graphics: As everybody expected from the trailers,the game is a beauty. It is well made and works on semi-decent GPU's quite well too(I use Ati Mobility Radeon 5600 and it doesn't hurt that much the beauty of the game on normal settings)Gameplay:It is quite fun from the beggining - pure Lara experience....shooting,jumping,getting beat up...etc. I do hate a bit the QTE moments,but you can live with those.Audio:Amazing as always. Square Enix/Eidos are always great on the sounds/background music in their AAA titles,so no suprise hereOverall: 9/10p.s. For me personally - This is a GOTY title.
With every year it gets better and better. If you are a fan of football and want to live the life of a manager - this is the game for you!
If you want to play an amazing arcade racing game - this one is for you.Graphics: 7/10It isn't 10/10 cause simply the graphic is from a XBLA title - so nothing fancy. It does look ok and you will probably like the style and the camera.Gameplay: 8/10Fast,arcady,fun. You can explain this game in those 3 words. You have powerups and car destruction so it is quite nice to beat your buddy in multiplayer.Audio: 7/10 I do like to hear better sounds from the cars and the music is a bit annoying,but well it is a XBLA game so I can't complain that much.Overall: 7.5/10
Как да започнеш ревю за игра, която може да се опише и с една дума(Най-добрата) и с хиляди думи?Ако тепърва навлизате в този жанр, играта ще ви се стори доста трудна - много герои, много умения, много предмети... абе от всичко има по много. Но!!! Не се отказвайте толкова лесно.Геймплей - 8/10 5 срещу 5 в най-добрият си вариант. Стратегия, позициониране, умения...всичко това ще ви е нужно в света на DoTA 2. Не се отчайвайте с времето ще подобрите уменията си. Много хора няма да се съгласят с оценката ми, но тя е такава само по една причина - небалансиран matchmaking(All pick). Графика - 7/10Въпреки скорошния ъпдейт(Dota 2 Reborn) играта не оставя някакъв WOW ефект визуално. Но това е обяснимо, все пак трябва да върви и на калкулатора на баба ви(Дааа има и такива оптимисти)Озвучаване/Музика - 10/10Това е най-силната страна на DoTA 2. Всеки герой с неговите запомнящи се реплики, anouncer-ите....дори и музикалните пакети - всичко е на невероятно ниво.Заключение: Ако имате свободно време и още 4ма приятели, които искат да играят MOBA игра - насочете се към невероятния свят на Defence of The Ancients 2.Обща оценка: 25/30
The best Football manager on the market so far
