Review In Short:Airmech is an Action RTS game taht takes a twist on the genere of RTS gaming. This game is a mix of DOTA/LoL with a game like Starcraft. You control a character/hero that is your Airmech and there are creeps that spawn from your main base every so often. You can build your own units to fight by your side from a vast selection of units. Gameplay is usually fast and intense with plenty of aerial dog fighting and battlfield micro. This game is casual player friendly with opportunities for the more competetive player.Only problems are if you-'re an Aussie, finding people to play with can be quite difficult. Lag is also an issue if you are an Oceanic player.Feel free to add me in game and set me as your referrer (shameless self-promotion :P ). My name is VIRUSALPHA and I-'m one of the few Australian players.Pros:+ LOTS OF CUSTOMISATION ( A CRAPTON OF CUSTOMISATION POSSIBLE)+ Fair Business Model+ Not pay to win+ Casual player friendly+ Intense gameplay+ Frequent updates, balance changes and bug fixesCons:- Not many Oceanic players- Meta shifts frequently post updates (which may or maynot be a good thing)- Meta meta meta. A lot of high tier players use the same tactic, strategy and loadout. People like to use the best units, best setup and best strategy. However if you-'re skilled enough you can work around it. Can be stale.Slightly Longer Review:(Adding on to the above)The meta shifts A LOT when big updates come and rapidly change after balance changes. This is probably a good thing, however the game can become borning when everyone adopts the meta. There is a tremendous selection of pilots, airmechs, parts and units. The problem is balance. Achiving perfect balance and harmony is far from near. Thier are hunderds of units to use but generally high tier players pick the same 8-10. Why? because those units are best. There-'s tons of pilots but players tend to choose 3 because they are the best. There-'s 9 airmech classes but professional mainly use 3. This is just one of my dissatisfactions of the game. There are units/mechs/items that completely outclass others which is sad. Balance is yet to be achived in this game which is forgiveable because it-'s still in BETA.The game-'s busienss model is fair, or even great. Everything can be purchased for in game currency which is amazing. A casual player can unlock plenty of items in 1 day. You can unlock all units, pilots and items for in game currency which is amazing. This currency is called Kudos. The premium currency in this game is Diamonds and the game gives you 500 to start with. With thos amount you can buy whatever you please but you CANNOT BUY POWER. You can earn diamonds through quests but these diamonds are locked until you make a purchase of anything in game and obtain silver VIP or higher. It-'s an incentive for you to invest money in the game with the smallest purchase avaiable being $5USD.Generally diamonds are used to buy cosmetics to look fancy and ultra classy. You can buy Ultimate Variants of units which are UNBALANCED AND SUPER OVERPOWERED -BUT- these can only be used in solo play, player vs AI (co-op) and custom games. These units cannot be used in regualr (unranked or ranked) PvP. Generally these items are for noobs :P Hence, upon starting the game you receive a random ultimate unit in your inventory. New players these days are VERY LUCKY. You get free items and cosmetics as you play the game. This is just a taste of what you get when you purchase diamonds. It-'s an incentive to purchase diamonds and if you do I suggest gettin the starter pack as it gives you best value for your money. So try out this game if you havent already. If you don-'t like it, simply uninstall.This game has a drop system. In this drop systems you can receive crates, cosmtics, pets, consumale items, stuff and rare unit alternatives which cannot be purchased normally. This drop system is fair and gives you cool stuff which you can sell on the player market if you wish.The market is acessable when you reach level 10 which isn-'t hard at all even for a casual player. At this level you can purchase stuff on the market. At level 50 you can sell stuff on the market. All items on the market are sold for premium currency. Unfortunately reaching level 50 is gonna take A LONG TIME. However after a purchase and obtaining silver VIP the marketis instanly acessable and for use. If you are not a VIP after selling an item you only get 30% of the diamonds you sold your item for with the rest being locked. So for instance if you sell a hat for 100 diamonds, you only get 30. There is also an in-game tax of 15%. So if you want to sell and earn 100 diamonds, your item will be listed for 115 diamonds. Once sold you get you 100 diamonds.There-'s loadouts in which you can customise evrything you need for a game. You can choose up to 8 different types of units to put into your loadout. There are infantry, light vechicles, trucks, tanks, big tanks, even bigger tanks, artillery, healing, radar units, traps, turrets and socket units that provide speical effects. You have a 9th slot for a guardian that provides unquie effects such as healing, radar and for extra damage out put. In your loadout you can customise your airmech. You can change airmechs, customise its parts, change cosmetics and a whole lot of other stuff. You have a slot for an item which provide small buffs. Finally there is a space for your pilot which is very important as pilots usually depeict your play style.The game has a crafting system which lets you craft a wide range of items but is restricted on current items you habe and your level.In terms of gameplay you will always be using your airmech to carry your units across the map. You can pick your units up and micro them. There are mass commands for macroing. Tanks are the main unit composition with support units such as healing and radar/artillery jamming. There are many ways to play this game. This game features outposts. Once captured they provide different effects and raise your upkeep. Yes you have upkeep. You use hot keys to build units and collect them from eitehr your fortress or outpost to place on the ground and assign commands. Outposts and fortresses provide healing. Outposts are occupied by 4 infantry/creeps and can be neutralised by killing all 4. You can capture an outpost by filling it with 4 of your own infantry or creeps. You can use the outpost to your advantage by healing from it and producing units and deploying them from there. Generally if you have more outposts than the other guy you-'re well ahead in winning the game. There some sockets on your fortress and sometimes a few on your outposts. You can socket your -socket- units onto these to activate them or provide buffs to turrets. To are 2 ways of winning a game. The first is by having your opponent leave :P The other way is by reducing your opponent/s fortress health to 0. There 2 ways to go about it. You can do it traditionally by knocking on their door with an army/convoy of tanks or by capturing all outposts on the map putting you into the dominating postition. While the enemy in in domination their fortress slowly takes adamage after a 30 second warning. This game mechanic promotes movining out and not slwo turely gameplay.This game often referrences other games and has special events often. For example you can find the Portal Cube, Sentry Turret, and Minecraft Creeper in game. Also the game also features a referral system in which you receive rewards. That-'s why you can find Total Biscuit, The Cynical Brit, HuskyStarcraft and Chimmney Swift in the game. Oh yeah about these events, special seasonal items are sold. Such as in Easter you can buy a Jesus pilot and during Christmas you can buy Santa.If RTS is not your thing the game is often called FarmMech as you have a basecamp.... You can grow and builds stuff... It-'s like Farmville... heh. Bunny Farm OP
Review 25/11/2014EDIT: I-'ve player for longer, but on the ARC client....Short Review: It-'s a great game but gets stale quickly. The game was abandoned roughly a year ago, or more but I can-'t remember. A huge patch would revive this game but it will probably be too little too late. Australian servers were removed a while back. Oceanic players will probably have better connections playing Blacklight Retribution Asia, or soon to come out Blacklight Retribution Russia. This game offers so much customisation possibilities and has everything to cater for different play styles. I recommend it to burn off time. If you don-'t like it, it-'s good for uninstalling.8/10 (used to be 92/100 on steam)Long Review:Oh boy do I love this game. Blacklight: Retribution (BLR) is a first person shooter set in a dystopian future not too far away with a steampunk feel. There-'s not much storyline but it-'s based of its predecessor, Blacklight: Tango Down. The world was ravaged by a virus that turned people into the infected (SIVs) released by political extremists called the “Order” and the only people left to stop them are hired mercenaries (you). BLR is currently being published by Perfect World Entertainment (PWE) while content is being published by Zombie Studios. BLR PS4 is published and produced by Zombie Studios.I started the game a while ago. I got pub stomped all day every day for the first 20 or so levels because BL:R was my second -legit- PC FPS game that wasn-'t full of potatoes. Now as a level 50 life-'s easy. A lot of new players call BLR pay2win. Well, it-'s far from it. It is severely play2win in my opinion. Heck, the starter assault rifle is deemed the best weapon in the game due to its versatility BUT to fully customise it to your liking will take time and effort (a long grind). Alternatively, you can rent parts and new guns (receivers). Each time you level up a level pack is awarded to you which includes all the unlockable items for that level for 3 days. The game offers a wide variety of guns with their specific niches but the assault rifle in doubtfully the most used due to its versatility.  Yeah, all the starter stuff is pretty damn good and all you need really (almost).Gameplay wise BLR, it’s pretty solid. The game features a hyper reality visor (HRV) which is basically legitimate wall hacks. For a short period of time every once in a while you can see through walls and pinpoint enemies on the map. For this reason, there is no mini-map but this mechanic ensures that gameplay is always fast paced. Camping can be quite difficult in this game.  The recoil in this game is honestly not that bad and the spread is in a random cone around your cross hair. For that reason “professional” players like to use static crosshairs. Concerning the grenade throwing mechanics, they feel wimpy and I don’t like it but it’s probably just me. You will hate corners if you want to turn them hugging the wall because you will get stuck and die a lot. Elevators can glitch out sometimes letting you jump super high, off the map, in the map and such.There are many maps that are small (Helodeck) to medium (Dropzone) to large (Vortex). All in all there are roughly 18 maps and 9 gamemodes. 2 gamemodes are restricted to specific maps and I’ll talk about those soon. Basically you have the traditional, bread and butter gamemodes of every (most)  FPS;  death match, team death match, king of the hill, capture the flag, Search and destroy, and onslaught (PvE, zombies, the map Centre only). Concerning search search and destroy, the bomb has hrv cloak which basically masks a person’s netwar signature from HRV. Basically they cannot be seen on HRV. The other game modes include domination, netwar and siege. Domination is when you hack nodes (these box thingies) to capture them and gain points. Other teams can take/retake nodes captured by the opponents by hacking them but there is a firewall (time frame) which stops the node from being retaken after capture. netwar is a mix of capture the flag and domination. Siege is where you transport a scorpion tank through a specific path towards the enemy’s base. Players can pilot the tank which has a minigun that can tear through enemies like hot butter through a knife. There are checkpoints in which the team escorting the tank have to hack panels t lower barriers in order for the tank to proceed.In BLR you can pretty much customised everything you want including the HUD using a third party application. You can customise your armour to suit you play style. You can be a tank or a fragile but extremely fast agent. You can customise every part of your gun and there are 23 different types of guns with their own niches. There are over 20 parts for each part of a gun you want to customise (except magazines, there’s like 5-15 options). There are billions of weapon combinations possible in BLR. You can choose your specific gear such as grenades, tomahawks, explosive resistance patches and such along with your tactical gear such as heal injectors, revive injectors and barricades.Connections wise there are only servers located in the US East and West along with European servers. Australian servers were removed a while back. Blacklight Retribution Asia is an alternative but it has a different publisher. Lag is a major problem for all players.Content wise, this game used to be amazing. It was probably the best free to play game out there and with a bit more love could of gave the AAA titles a run for their money. Sadly, it was abandoned a while ago with the Onslaught patch being the latest patch. There has been speak of content coming soon™ but then again, it’s always apparently coming soon™.To conclude this review I would like to say this game has everything to cater for all different play styles. There is plenty of variety to choose from and everything that you could possibly want to customise is customisable. You can earn everything with in game money but speed things up by using real money. A couple of years ago this game was really promising but with the termination of the AU servers, may players said their farewells at the game’s “funeral”. Contradicting the fact that many people left, the game’s player base has risen by 15% in the past 30 days. This review probably isn’t structured properly and is missing out some important things but I hope it gives you an insight to a wonderful game (well, at least it used to be). I still play this game passionately and you can add me in game :) 8/10 (used to be 92/100 on steam.If I were to revive this game 2 years ago, I would give it 10/10.IGN: VirusAlpha (US) I am an Australian player so my ping is terrible.
In short: 6.5/10Pro:- If you love survival-runs this is a nice f2pCons:- Latency issues, I have no idea where servers are located but everyone has 150+ping.- Screaming kids everywhere. If you're semi-competant, you will usually ensure the survial of your team.- Little replay value.-Beware of automatic doors, they kill.- Not much variety in terms of weapons.- Never really got any heart-racing moments.Neutral: -Requires teamwork: best played with friends.- Can get the same experience and probably better if you just join a zombie map on any CS game.You might be wondering, will all these cons why I recommend the game. I had a fun time playing this for 5 hours but there are definitely better games out there. You can run this game very smoothly even with a potato.For a f2p game I honestly cannot complain too much. Codename CURE is a survival-run zombie game. You start off at a drop point and you proceed your way down to a bombsite. There's only one. You work as a team to get there and plant a bomb. You have three minutes to escape before it detonates killing everything on the map. If you die along the way, you have to wait a minute to respawn with temates that are already alive. If everyone dies it's game over (duh). In solo-play if you die with bots still alive, the game is still over. There's about 7 maps as standard. 4 difficulties: casual, easy, normal and insane. Insane is fun :)4 classes:Pointman: Auto-shotty. Good burst damage. Need to be ammo conservative. Respect the support use your frag nades wisely.Support: Gives everyone ammo. Be nice to support when asking them to deploy resupplies. Make sure the use resupply. The box can be used to block doors.Assault: Sustained damage with heavy AR. Throws frag nades. Don't worry too much about ammo, there's plenty.Sniper: Semi-auto sniper. Incendiary grenades very important to block off choke points. 2nd most important class imho. Use your nades to cover the technicians when they move their sentries. Your teammates don't et damaged by the fire but you do.Technician: Pump action-shotty. Places sentries to cover hallways. Sentry is invaluable. Protect it with your life. If it dies and you are not near the end of the game... die to respawn with one. Master the art of death. I cannot stress how important the technician and the sentry is. It wins games. Never leave the technician behind. Protect him and the sentry with your life. However, don't camp with the sentry. You always have to move up and reposition. Sentry is good defensively and offensively when pushing/holding hallways.The one time I really enjoyed this game is when I got teamed up with a guy that was willing to work in a team. With the class system every class has a crucial role but there was only 2 of us. He was sniper and I was Technician. The technician can place sentries to cover hall ways and buy time to the team to move forward. The sniper can throw incendiary nades to block off choke points and buy time for the technician to move the sentry up into a new position. Together was finished a level and that was very satisfying. Sometimes when you are in a game with 6 people you would still lose because some people undervalue a good sniper and technician who are usually behind covering the back of the team. Stick as a team and win the game. Moments like these are few and far inbetween so enjoy them.
The plan is a beatutiful game. It questions life and its purpose. Why we do the things we do. What's the point of getting back up when you get knocked down? Why do we search for a goal, for a future when it all ends the same way? It's a very deep game.10/10 would play again
QQ/10 would QQ again
