So after 30 odd hours i thought i-'d write a reasonable review because my thoughts on this game have changed alot. So at first i wasnt so keen on ubisoft relaseasing another game so shortly after Unity, which i think i speak for everyone, despite an attempt at a next-gen engine, it was still average at best. Rogue to me feels like im playing the best bit of the AC franchise, The ship from AC4 and the same unchanged New York map from AC3 to name a few. Some elements from previous multiplayer have also been added in, despite there being an actual multiplayer. My main attractions to Rogue would be the tie-ins to other parts of the franchise, the expansion on the Kenway saga from Black Flag, the Birth of Achillies and his part in AC4 (seems like a sequel, Fast and Furious flash back anyone, *cough* Han *cough*). This also raises another issue i have however, these connections seem very much like Ubisoft are tying loose end to the AC4 and AC3 series, which we saw happen in revelations. Obviosuly this game is far better than Revelations, but is it? im not saying rogue is a cash cow but if the same thing is happening again and ubisoft are working on something in the background, Rogue is nothing more than a slight o-' hand (see the pirate reference?), a very visually appealing one at that, they went pretty hard out with this one, even if it is just tying up loose ends and mamking the whole Benjamin Franklin and Achilies issues seem more realistic, it was worth it. Touching on that further, despite being released after PS3/4 and XB360/1, Rogue also had a lower realease cost, which also leads me to believe there is more in store for his franchise, this is in no way the end, ubisoft opened a can of worms by releasing the Templar play with Shay and i personally think it will breathe new light into a somewhat dying franchise.Some things i disagree with:- Bring back the crouch, creates a better sense of realism, i literally walked passed enemies and no one even battered an eye lid. (not legit)- Bring back multiplayer, even if it was only the sailing, i would play that for hours. Seriously, that would have made this game epic. - Hunting is no fun, i dont know anyone who enjoys the hunting challenges.Give this one a go, if you liked the ship from AC4 and Black Flag then its even better here Rogue, Also there is less -land play- which made me happy.Have to congratulate Ubisoft here, well rounded game, stable enough for a PC version of AC, playable and enjoyable. P.s Dont take the ship away again.Cheers,Lordelicious.
Awesome game, very addictive and truely immerisve. It presents a very basic challenge, to get through the map, however it take something so siple with one movement, jumping, and makes you feel like your hands are painted on and before you know it you're in the feotal position wondering where the hours went. Truly recommend this game.
