This game, is a must. so many builds/classes. i can see why it is overwhelmingly positive reviews. brilliant game.. a rose in this cess pool of garbage games.
This game, is a gem. Diamond in the rough. I mean i only got half way through singleplayer due to my competitive side, but multiplayer is where it shines. the shimmer of hope radianting and that hope is more multiplayer content. I recomment this game to anyone exept Tereus.
No. ♥♥♥♥ NO!. fun for like until u understand how depressingly bad everything is, there is good things about it but would i play this for longer than hr?.. i guess i did. but that was because i paid good money for it then tried to justify my purchase with maybe it gets better.. well it doesnt. i just wish i waited till it was like 50cents or sumfin. then again F♥♥♥♥ IT just skip this ♥♥♥♥. my first might and magic game and prolly my last. im just so lost i need a game. im truely swimming through ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games now. I knew i wasnt gonna like it when i was hovering over the purchase button ♥♥♥♥ i shoulda got banner saga or sumfin it was this or black guards i played the demo blackguards was meh so i thought maybe try my luck this since had no demo and all i can say is i lost, fair and square. steam doesn't refund.
Was alright. i guess..a bit short, and confusing - story was confusing, the skills and how they worked a bit confusing to the point just you just use whatever. The matrix mode made no sense since half the time i just ran out of range and auto spammed aoe or that purge skill so i didnt have to sit there waiting for bar to recharge without jaunt talent, overall it was better not to use that freeze time action mode, i guess it was an option. yeah short game overall i can only remember 3 bosses. and like 3 hrs of gameplay maybe 5 hrs if you finish NG+. *shrugs. 20$ i guess acceptable. decent love story.
♥♥♥♥♥es be killin.
It's too deep and slow for me.. i cant even play the old baldurs gates anymore.. am i getting old? am i getting lazy? i feel like i need a auto-battle mode.. so i can jus click and watch.. i grew too lazy M888 i cant even get past level 5 without being ♥♥♥♥ing frustrated out of my mind if i am playing the game right.. itss so time consuming i cant handle it.. feels like 10 minutes a fight.. too tactical which is good if you can sink into it. this is not my rpg i was looking for, but it was very close..
Good game had me hooked, i had to finish in one sitting... some parts are just ♥♥♥♥ed, haha hilarious.
Been playing since the early war3 days.
Faster Smarter Stronger
