This game is fun. This game is great.This game would be the best thing I've ever played...If it weren't for the other players, don't get me wrong I can't stop, but the community is so rage enducing it's depressing.Deathmatch is a cluster♥♥♥♥, casual is cancer.If you play competetive, the only game mode really worth playing be prepared to rage, whether it be ♥♥♥♥♥♥s on the other team or smurfs and hackers, your blood pressure will be higher than your stoner team mate.You'll hate that you love this game.
This game is incredible, fun, challenging, hilarious at times and overall a pleasure.For people thinking of buying this game:Keep in mind this game is still in alpha, there is a lot of optomization to be done, still a lot of content to come and of course a ♥♥♥♥ ton of bugs.That said you will not regret this buy.Another piece of advice to new players: Official servers are an absolute grind with multi-hours tames for some of the most basic dinos, play  on an unofficial server, I'd reccomend 5x tame and gather. (it's not too much, not too little).You have the choice of pve and pvp, offline raiding is a massive thing, if you want to pvp, prepare to wake up to find your stuff destroyed time and time again.Play in a tribe if possible, solo is hard and you cannot learn to build everything by yourself (an intended feature).Low end pc's you can still run this game, but you will likely run it between 10-25 fps on low settings. Still a beautiful game despite this.Lastly, the dev team are amazing, the community representation and response is nothing short of incredible, these guys care about their player base, they want to make the best game they can and they're constantly taking advice from the player base, whether it be tiny things that make ark that little bit better or massive changes, the devs listen and care. Quite often ideas and suggestions from the ark community have made it into the game.
Would I reccomend this game? Yes, absolutely it is glorious. If you haven't played killing floor one I'd reccomend waiting till after early access when the game is complete, at the moment it is barebones, 4 classes and not that many weapons for each.That said each and every weapon is beautiful, each and every sound is bowel looseningly awesome, every bullet is a glory to watch, zed time, oh yes zed time.This game is not complete and yet already I am incredibly happy with my purchase, it is amazing and so much fun.p.s throwing money at the boss will drop his health. Joke or some reason behind it? I don't know but it's a quick way to get his health to stage two.
This game is fantastic.Don't starve gives you unlimited hours of challenging fun and now with the addition of multiplayer it takes this game to a whole new level of amazing.
