Insurgency gets right what Battlefield has tried to do for a very long time: tactical squad based gameplay.It's gunplay is amazingly balanced.  Each gun is lovingly crafted and feel unique and powerful when firing.  It's challenging, but you never feel punished for those time you are killed.This is by far the best example of the genre bar none.(Play with a mic - it makes the game much more intense and exhilarating)
It has the most amazing and brutal executions around.  Beheading orcs had me laughing and crying out -YEAH!!- everytime.   Absolutely phenomenal game!  Get it any way you can!
The is no better driving simulator out there, bar none.  The base game stands head and shoulder above other simulators.  Add to the the steady stream of new content (tracks and cars) from both the developers and community, makes this a must have.It is truly addicting.
Darks Souls is an abusive relationship.  It doesn't give a crap about you or how many hours of gaming you've done in your life.  It will make you suffer, hate and weep in a corner.  But then it'll give you the slightest glimmer of hope in between the kicks to the groin and give you a false sense of accomplishment.  Then it'll kick you harder.It's  a must play game.All jpking aside, Dark Souls is amazing.  It is a solid game that refuses to be like any other games out there.  It never holds your hand in terms of gameplay or with the story.  It's all there to be discovered if you have the patience to endure it.Even though it is brutal, it is one of the most rewarding games around.  It's a must have for everyone who love gaming.
The Shadow Warrior remake harkens back to the old school FPS like Wolfenstein, Doom, Blood and ofcourse Shadow Warrior.  Solid buttong smashing shooting mechanics with viscerally pleasing melee combat, makes this gory celebration of blood just sublime.It may not rank as the greatest FPS, but it's well worth to pick up on a sale for those who like their shooters fast and furious.
It's easy enough to imagine what you think you would do a situation Receiver puts you in.  But, for those who have never used a gun, it comes across stressful, dreadful and filled with panic.  And that is was makes this game absolutely fantastic!This is a must have game for anyone who likes their games with guns or unforgiving rogue-like.  Personally, I think everyone should play it.  It will make you dream of more gun simulators like this.
Forgettable game.  Excellent story.  Move on if you just want to shoot things.  Buy it if you want a violent narrative focusing on the horrors of war.
Best class baed shooter out there.
