 DayZ Standalone After roughly playing this game for 20 hours i have enjoyed it so far, Although my review is going to be washed down by all the negetives i just want get my review out there. DayZ Standalone has been in early access for about 3 years and some people just dont read the note displayed on the DayZ Standalone Steam Page WARNING: THIS GAME IS EARLY ACCESS ALPHA. PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE IT UNLESS YOU WANT TO ACTIVELY SUPPORT DEVELOPMENT OF THE GAME AND ARE PREPARED TO HANDLE WITH SERIOUS ISSUES AND POSSIBLE INTERRUPTIONS OF GAME. As a short answer I would say dont buy the game until its fully out or in beta unless you want to face countless glitches such as zombies running trough walls and triple hitting. In DayZ Zombies are the least of your worries, you can play as a legendery hero or a bandit. I have been held as hostage 3 times already. You can also play a role playing version of Dayz, I haven-'t touched DayZRP but you can play it here http://www.dayzrp.com/ Pro-'sRealistic unlike some other zombie-survival games.Really big map that takes alot of your time and does not keep you board.Balanced weapons.Thats really it i cant remember anything else :3 Con-'s Really hard to meet new people as they might kill you or hold you hostage.Really hard to find ammunition because all millitary bases/police stations are lootedEverywhere is looted if you play on a server with heaps of people. Conclusion Anyone who says DayZ Standalone is dead, or that the developers have -taken the money and ran-, or that the community is dead, quite frankly is full of ♥♥♥♥. The game is very much alive and so much better than it was when it started. Even though DayZ SA has been slow off the start compared to other survivalist games (H1Z1, Rust, ARK, Unturned, Miscreated, etc), I strongly believe it will come out on top as the best survivalist game when it is finished. No other survival game has this much attention to detail and realism as DayZ. No other survival game has the kind of studio resources and money that Bohemia has to put out a strong title. No other survival game has mastered the hardcore aspect of survival and struggle better than DayZ. Almost every other survival game was rushed out on a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Unreal engine in an effort to reap money off the survivalist scene and try to outbeat Bohemia to the punch on features and gameplay. Games like Rust and H1Z1 fail to hit the bullseye on what a survival game should be. DayZ Standalone does this right and does it good. I would definitely recommend this game now, as it-'s about to surpass the ♥♥♥♥ outta all other games on the market. Go out there and start surviving! But be warned of the glitches. Thanks for reading!  I also might make a fps boost guide for DayZ! EDIT : I made a DayZ FPS Boost guide https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=675608086
very low settings : 15 fpsultra settings : 14 fps100/10 would fps again
Best Sandbox Game
