Where do I start,I-'m a total wimp when it comes to horror games, but i-'ve been leaning towards some good ones on the xbox. One day I was watching youtube when I get a text from a friend saying -FIVE NIGHTS AT FREDDY-'S 4 IS SOOOO SCARY YOU MUST PLAY IT!- And I thought to myself that there-'s no way that this is as scary as silent hill right. I am the biggest idiot on the internet. I honestly thought that Scott was going to screw it up with FNAF 4 after not doing such an amazing job on FNAF 3, but by far this is the scariest game i-'ve played in a long time. The animatronics are beyond terrifying and I like how Scott has added all this extra detail on freedy and all them that makes them truely scary. I have barely played the game and only on night 2 because i-'m that freaked out, I got jumpscared on night 1 by bonnie at 2 am, how embarassing.Also, the new gameplay mechanics are superb. In the first three games, you are a adult security guard who at least has the slightest bit of smarts and the most ineffecive security system in all of video game security systems. I never got why the doors in FNAF 1 required power to stay down, couldn-'t gravity do that job, then I guess it wouldn-'t be a challenge. But enough of my rambling, FNAF 4 completely strips you off all sense of self security and makes the player a small boy in his bedroom with nothing but a torch, and i-'ve got to say that Scott really captured that feeling of all alone with monsters surrounding you and all you can do is suck your thumb and wait for Bonnie or Chica to kill you.However there was one downside, The game does it-'s job too well. I get so scared in the atomsphere and the feel of the dark bedroom that if I hear even the slightest noise I immediately shut the game down because i-'m actually afraid. Maybe I should stop playing the game at night with the lights off and my headphones on.Still, absolutely fantastic game. You-'ve created a masterpiece and a legacy Scott and for that you deserve all the praise the series gets. I would put this up top with some of my favourite games. This game is like a shining diamond in what I call `the bleak industry of expensive games that don-'t live up-' I-'m looking at you COD Ghosts. I also find it really odd that most indie game developers can make better games than what a million dollar games company can-'t do with their endless pockets of gold encrusted rubies.Absolute must play for any fan of horror games.OVER 9000/10
