Snake... -THE VICIOUS CYCLE NEVER ENDS-. With THE DREAM had been wrongly understood. From Snake Eater to Portables Ops, strucking it down by your own vision in Peace Walker, fell unconscious in Ground Zeroes . When awaked, we are already demons, here is our downfall. Full of pain and hatred, all for the lust of revenge, with the silence is deafening .You and I, we dive into fire, spill the blood for our desire, make the world fear us all. THE SINS NEVER DIE. One name to be shared, one legend to be made, one legacy to be remembered. We are the voice in the song, it-'s our when we sing along. We are THE MAN WHO SOLD THE WORLD. A Hideo Kojima Game.  Kojima, when you-'re gone, you still left a final meaningful message. 10/10, one of the best masterpieces I-'ve played. It truly made my tears shed.- The last and final moment is your. That agony is your triumph- Goodbye MGS series, goodbye Kojima.
MGS V: Ground Zeroes. It-'s just a bunch of missions, not a game. But still worthwhile to play, i-'m not wasting my 5 USD (flash sale) for it and i-'m not regret when buying it.  Snake... It-'s already began. -To Chico and Paz: The last and final moments are yours, it-'s an agony. But THE DEMONS had spawned, it-'s a triumph. So let the fiddle play the song.- A Hideo Kojima Short Game 9.5/10 , One of the weirdest games I-'ve played.
Hmm, this game.... Nothing more than i can say, once you played, it's YOUR LOVE, it's YOUR LIFE, CAN'T HIDE. CAN'T RUN . MATE! Best, derpiest, kinkiest, saltiest, most-on-the-high (seizure, euphoria and bunch of intensifies) community ever. Would recommend for everybody cause : 10/10 would let your wallet got ♥♥♥♥♥ again but still not complaining10/10 full of competitive players which gibuses and squeakers dominated every single server 10/10 wouldn't die by a frontstab, die by a backstab 10/10 can build a construction by puttting a blueprint into the ground 10/10 explosives and bullets can't destroy surrounding facilities 10/10 can't die by a rocket or a stickybomb or bullet by 1 shot 10/10 sniper can produce a large amount and infinite ♥♥♥♥, and it's a lethal weapon to kill people10/10 trading is always in a nutshell 10/10 best hat simulator game 2010-2XXX10/10 a fire hose can giving you health to alive 10/10 things that abnormal and supernatural are all exist in here 10/10 Would buy skins for Lord GabenP.s: Just touching this game for a few hrs
