Ok, this is my new review after reading a bunch of other players reviews. I have noticed a lot of negative reviews that say -this game is bad because Queue times are long and not enough players-, that is not to the problem, these people are the problem, they dont have enough patience to wait for the player group to get bigger so queue times are short. This is a game where you have to be in it for the long haul to reap the rewards as such. I highly reccommend this game as it has great controls and is generally wonderful. It is rather accurate representations of historic ships, such as the tier 9 battleships, Yamato(Japanese) is strongest in armour and damage but rather slow, Iowa(USA) is fast with less armour and slightly less damage, the H39(German) is a mix of both, only one that is slightly out is the british Lion because that was a WW1 Battleship so it has had to be -'promoted-' to be a tier 9. All the ammunition is correct as well, such as torpedoes do lots of damage and allow the hull to be breached, thus slowing the enemy down(this can be repaired by the enemy). However, the one problem i find is that the developers turn a blind eye to hacking, yes there is hacking in this game, which ruins it at times. The hacks are basic ones for now, none that increase damage or instant kill ones, but mainly to do with scouting ranges. If enough people report it im sure the developers will finally get interested and try to fix it.THIS IS NOT A P2W GAME. I must say that, yes paying money helps to get things such as advanced smoke (this lasts longer than normal smoke). However, you do not need to spend any to reach high tiers, I myself have reached Tier 9, almost Tier 10 and havent spent a penny on it.
For new release game this has started off well, it has lots of potential. 2 different modes, arcade - slightly aided in a way for fun and people who are still learning, then a second mode which gives the player more control over there plane, much more hands on. This game is good and I love what i have played of it. it is very challenging however because i play using controller. Im not sure if its just because my controller is an xbox one or its the game setup but the control sensitivity is seriously twitchy, even on the lowest setting (0) it is almost impossible to get a smooth steady turn going. Even the slightest flick moves your plane about 10 - 20 degrees around a circle, this makes targetting a dodging plane very hard. Also it is slightly laggy, my laptop isnt the best, i will admit, this won-'t help, but your planes movement is juddery, move your controls and your plane sort of -jumps- across the sky in small leaps. Even on the lowest settings it is still the same.Finally, dont come into this game expecting some HD quality with magnificent details, trees exist but are more or less just blurry green things, buildings are super basic looking and its generally looks like a game from about 6 years ago. Slightly like GTA San Andreas quality with a tiny bit more clarity.I reccommend this game alot, definite potential to take top spot as best flying game/ WW2 plane game out, however, i suggest you wait until they fixed it up a bit and slightly improved the genral gameplay and controls.
