Why are there not more games like M&B?
Firstly, bear in mind that the game is free, so it's always going to be worth it, however in the interest of constructive criticism I'll outline why I didn't like the game very much.The first, and possibly biggest was the sensitivity. I have a pretty high DPI mouse, and the sensitivity was still really annoyingly low. there's also no way to change it or really any options in the game. I higly reccomend that that is changed.Second is the invisible walls which don't seem to quite line up with the objects in the game which make it feel horribly unpolished.The lack of a save feature of any kind was pretty annoying as I spent an hour working out the puzzles and maneuvering my way around, only to have to game crash as soon as I tried to open the Steam overlay. I really couldn't be bothered redoing everything to get back to that point.Graphics are really good for th most part, though, especially so for a free game. Overall, the game feels a lot like an alpha but I enjoyed the story that I got and the atmosphere is really well done. May as well get it, it's free.
Simplified Geometry Wars, could use a few tweaks (eg. a pause button) but definitely more than worth $1.00
It's exactly what you were expecting. the business man is dull and boring, the old man is slow and hard to control, the kid is bright and adventurous. There is no storyline, just the three levels and you're done. There's nothing to reward your completion of them, not so much as an acknowledgment, you just appear back at the main menu.Obviously the game is NOT about gameplay, however I will review it anyway because it broke my immersion a bit as the kid , who requires a bit of finesse for his level, is near impossible to control easily. Overall, the game conveys it's message without any frills or really doing anything more. I feel like the concept was good, if a little cliche, but it could have had a much larger impact with a bit more of a cinematic experience. give the player some emotions.Definitely get it if you're interested, it was a 2 minute download and a 5 minute game, but don't expect it to be a revelation.
