I spent a fair amount of time playing this game. I ENJOYED PLAYING THIS GAME! IT IS A FUN EXPERIENCEThe MOBA - FPS gameplay is fun! The character designs are awesome. The humor in the game is what you'd expect from Borderlands, not that its a bad thing. Playing with friends is, of course, a far better experience, but regardless, its still fun to play with strangers.Unfortunately, the way things are going for Battleborn, I can't recommend it. On the first few weeks of playing, there were already issues with connectivity. Oceania players have been having troubles with connecting to a game, with wait times lasting as long as 15 - 20 minutes, and when they do get put into a game, the match ends up being very unbalanced with players being teamed up with others that are either complete beginners or long playing veterans. There have also been issues regarding performance. Certain levels in the game can even strain the highest performing gaming rigs. This results in players choosing certain levels in PVP. If this isn't an issue for you then fine, but playing on the same levels time and time again for the sake of keeping a solid frame rate can get a bit tedious. Can't enjoy a nice juicy steak if that's all you're ever gonna eat. Sometimes you want a cheeseburger... or something. Whatever, bad example. I'm sure that theese issues will be solved in future patches. With the game going for 40% off after only being out for 3 WEEKS, I'd say buy it, but at full price, it just isn't worth it. If you are thinking about buying this game, buy it during a sale. Otherwise, set aside Battleborn and buy O-...ther games that are well worth their full price.
Okay first things first. This game is still in the works. Still being improved on. Despite that, this game is still very addictive to play. Sure there are only a few bugs but no noticable enough to ruin your gameplay. The game is even better with friends in multiplayer. Make a competition to see who can survive the longest and who gets to be zombie food first. Would totally recommend buying this. Again, this is an early access game still in development, but that means that it can only get better from here.
OKAYI love this game. I have put a good amount of hours into this game. The reason why I can-'t recommend this game is because Ubisoft. I have bought the game and linked it to my Uplay account. Several years later, I saw the game on my library and I figured I-'d play it again because RECENT installments weren-'t exactly what I was expecting. I started the game but WAIT, the serial number has already been used by another Uplay account. I thought, - wait, that cannot be. I only have one Uplay acc - OH RIGHT! I forgot my Uplay account details and password so I had to make a new one when I bought The Division.-.Rather not wanting to buy the game again, I figured I recover my details from Ubisoft. But no. That doesn-'t work. Clicked on -'Recover my Password-' only to have it redirect me to a blank white page. I went to Ubisoft-'s website to click on Account Management only to be presented with a blank white page with it saying nothing more than -Invalid Parameters-. When I try to send which email address I-'m trying to recover the password for, I get shown -Error. An error occurred while processing your request.-I may sound whiny about Ubisoft-'s -'impeccable-' websites and account support, but for good reason. I wouldn-'t normally be complaining about this, but I am only because it has been like this since last year. But at least the game was good.Thanks Ubisoft.
Only bought the DLC because I was bored with Fallout 4. Got back into it for a few hours and I-'m already bored. Not to say that this DLC isn-'t fun. This took up a few hours of my week, but after several play sessions, I was already done with the DLC and asked myself, -now what?-.Wanna be an evil raider boss? Here-'s a few hours of gameplay. Don-'t want to be said evil raider boss? Kill all the raider gang leaders and later ask yourself, -...what now?-. Seriously though, if you want to stay the goodie two-shoes you are and kill the gang leaders, that-'s as far as this DLC will take you. Often at times, I felt that I was forced to be evil to be able to experience more of the DLC. While fun, it fell short. No replayability on the DLC because of the issue above. It forces you to be evil just so you can experience the DLC fully. If you still want to be the hero, expect the DLC to last you an hour at most.
Skipping past the launch issues (crashing, horrible framerate, etc), No Man-'s Sky failed to live up to my expectations. Granted, we were given an infinite universe to explore, space battles, trading and upgrading, and I truly enjoyed the time I had to do all those things, but those things lose its charm almost after the first few days of playing (3-4 hours a gaming session). After the first few planets and galaxies, I was left the thought, -Now what?-. Explore more planets? Sure why not. But after a while, each undiscovered planet I came across only had me going,- eh, I-'ll check that out later-. For a game that-'s all about exploring planets while travelling to the center of the universe, being bored of exploration shouldn-'t be happening. But it does. Why? Because while all planets are supposedly unique in terms of flora and fauna, you-'re pretty much expecting to see the same thing. I was told that I can try to learn all the alien languages and words, but I asked myself, -Why though? Most of the time, I can make out what they are saying despite the broken english-. -Upgrade your ship/suit/tool to max!- BUT WHY?! It-'ll only make doing the same thing (exploring the galaxy full of lifeless planets) that more convenient. I-'ll be seeing the same planets over and over again, just with a different colored sky.I feel that this game will have no man left to explore the skies of countless, yet lifeless, planets. I fell into the hype, and I-'m paying the price ( $80 AUD ). I wanted to like this game! If anything I hate the fact that I hate this game. I wish I coule get a refund before I hit the 2 hour mark, but I was being optimistic hoping that there is something more if I just kept at it. Apparently with this game, its not about getting to the destination, but rather the journey to getting there. After playing for a while, I wanted to get to the center as fast as possible just so I can feel satisfied in spending $80 and be done with it.
Stonehearth is definitely a joy to play, despite the bugs and performance issues which become more noticeable when expanding your town, even on 'more-than-decent' gaming rigs. One of the few games that I backed in Kickstarter/SteamGreenlight that I have confidence in and the developers reaffirms my confidence with timely updates and bug fixes.
Probably one the only games where I spent so many hours playing. Worth every second. One playthrough isn't enough and especially with mods, each playthrough almost feels like the first, but with more content. BUY IT!
