This game is a hidden gem among the deep heart of steam's heart.Half Life 2 Deathmatch throws all the HL2 weapons and throws you in an amazing selection of maps to fight in.This game is the lovely old deathmatch styled games. You either kill, or be killed! No hiding like games nowdays. You are the man, the badass, the ♥♥♥♥. Skill is everything, not some weapon you need to buy for 5 dollars.Half Life 2 Deathmatch takes the badassness to the next level. You get to throw toilet bowls at each other with the gravity gun and get to time frags like a boss.Sadly, the fans of deathmatches aren't as popular as the past. So recommend this piece of badassery to your friends.10/10 Can shoot toilet bowls
As much controversy has surrounded the Developer. A game should not be judged by the acts of it-'s developer right?! In this case no. The controversy that surrounded Phil fish and his remarks had not proven the fact that Fez was a terrible game due to Phil-'s attitude. In fact Fez was an amazing game and had it-'s share of fame.While this game. A great concept and idea executed by one of the worst and rude person who makes a game on the topic of depression which strives to be a fictional game based on a person living with depression.The Developer never had experience living with depression, leading the game to be highly unrealistic and mainly based on ideas on -what might a depressed person think?-The developer itself, sets a very bad example as a developer of a game which strives to convey the awareness of Depression.The game itself revolves around long text based story telling and can easily be picked out and written by anyone and not by the perspective of a person living with depression.For explaination of the controversy surrouding the dev: http://imgur.com/a/4VOcxTldr: Game is bad, Dev is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
A game where you are a badass soldier with a team who are not kids......A war fought without a muggle saying -your mom-A weapon that recoils so realistic you think you-'re in the gameA map so epic that it kick Cod-'s ♥♥♥A game so epic, you have to get it
I must admit, that i got this game because i had 77 cents on steam! But, i din't expect such an addictive and fun game! The video and pictures might make the game seem hard, but it's easy. (at least the controls are) But, there are many so many challenging levels and addictive puzzles, that you want to come back for more! Never makes me bored! It's like the next gen tetris! I highly recommend this game! Get it while it's at it's cheapest! Btw, the music is AWESOME! What's better than placing blocks and watching cubes EXPLODE!
Team Fortress Classic is what you want in Tf2 but did not happen..Has Frags.Relies heavily on teamwork.Requires skills.Can mlg360noscope.Can bunnyhop.Medic's are amazing at being flag carriers.Doesn't need to be F2p to be awesome.Doesn't have cod kids.Snipers looks legit enough.Scout looks like a man.Has a nailgun.Best game weapon balancing ever seenNuff said, If it's 2 bucks add to cart and Pop Frags
Beta guy chat simulator
