A really fun game that no one plays.Please buy so I can play with other humans.
When I played this game, I felt at peace; the main character is like a meek doe, exploring the environment and this instills some sort of tranquility in me. Life Is Strange puts the player in the main character-'s place in a similar way that some of Quantic Dream-'s games do, but it does this more humbly; you won-'t be rushed into making life-changing decisions that you can-'t rewind (because, of course, you can rewind). The game throws quite a few tough decisions at you, but it gives you all the time you want to decide which one you want to choose. In this manner, the game makes you feel like more of an experimenting onlooker than actually being in the game. The premise is pretty ridiculous (how to entropy??), but that-'s not the point. Like those -would you rather...- questions (and movies like Groundhog Day), it makes you ponder and imagine, while also giving you the thrill of seeing the outcomes of your hypothetical/real decisions. The story can be a bit predictable at times (even before you go back in time) and a few characters are very stereotypical, but nonetheless, it is a good story with fairly good character development. It explores many themes quite well, including love, friendship, depression, and self-exploration.Playing Life Is Strange is like looking through a camera: you-'re there, but not really part of the action when you hold the camera. You have to decide which moment you want to capture. Once you-'ve decided, you take the shot and that moment is recorded, and you wonder how well it will turn out. You can look back at that picture later and notice its imperfections and perfections, but whether you see beauty in it or not; in a strange way, you-'ll feel glad that you took the shot.I recommend you take the shot.
At least 50% of the hours I have played this game are spent listening to the main menu music. A large portion of the hours in which I actually play the game are spent listening to the narrator freak out while I repeatedly die.
The puzzle section is pretty fun. Play it on a hot day and the music cools you down.
 Team Fortress 2 is forever-evolving, has cartoony art, fun, thrilling gameplay, interesting characters and a creative, friendly community keeping it alive. Use teamwork, strategy, fast thinking and reflexes or just interact with people in fun and sometimes hilarious ways. You can have a lot of fun playing with friends in this game. ... Unfortrunately, Valve has ruined their own game and UI by removing Valve servers from the server browser and making an ill-titled -Casual- game mode with several other changes that essentially seem like a sad attempt to copy -'Overwatch-'.
This is a beautiful game and a masterpiece in my opinion. It is like playing in a lucid dream; the game is old, but the art is still gorgeous. The story is very original. The music is enigmatic, tranquil and blissful. I enjoyed every moment of Loom, but I really wish the sequel was made; the ending is good, but some loose ends were not tied up. The game is an ethereal beauty and a special memory.4.5/5
