If you don't like this, then you have no soul.Don't be fooled by the simple graphics, this game has an amazing story to tell and a brilliant soundtrack. Rival's Toy Story 3 for tugging on the heart strings.Wonderful.
THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING AWFUL. DO NOT BUY.Quite simply, uses GFWL, even on casual mode one simple troop will take a whole magazine to kill, AI is moronically stupid - both friendly and enemies, voice acting is just terrible, interface is designed for console and HUD reflects that. PC graphics are ♥♥♥♥.Not helped by a complete lack of story explanation, completely broken melee and a frustrating cover system. Character models are pretty lousy as well.I REPEAT: SAVE YOUR MONEY. OR AT LEAST SPEND IT ON TRAIN SIMULATOR, BECAUSE THAT WOULD BE MORE FUN.
Inherently, everything that is good about this game was in the previous two titles that were made by Rocksteady. This game offers very little new content, with half the assassins ending up being overshadowed side mission that don't do the characters justice.The game itself is still quite good, with most of the core mechanics remaining the same. Movements, expecially grappling and gliding are a little off, and the combat (with the City approach of 'more guys = harder) starts to show it's flaws when surrounded by 20+ enemies.Overall, this game still has a very solid core to it, and should definitely be played. Yes, it is the weakest in the series, but that is because the first two were so strong. Some of the elements of this game are nicely done, just pretend multiplayer doesn't exist though. Writing (although I personally did not like the story) is quite nicely done, and everything about this game still holds it's own.The weakest part of this game is that it is the third in a series, and it is definitely a step backwards. If this was a first up game, we would still highlight the flaws but could see the room for improvment. The sad fact is that there have been two games already that have overall been better. But I do encourage you to play this game, because it is still the same engine and gameplay as the first two - and that is still a damn good thing.
Taking every element from the preivous Runner titles, Runner2 offers an experience that flows wonderfully together. With over 100 levels, dozens of unlockables, lovely visuals and a wonderful soundtrack this game is a really delight to play.The premise is simple: get from one end of the level to the other in a free-flowing smooth run. But this game is not for the people who have slow reactions times or get frustrated easily. It is hard, and quite unforgiving. Repetition is going to happening in this game, but because of the quick reload and charming music, it's hard to feel put out.When you do get a great run going, it's fantastic. All the notes and melodies stiched together with your actions makes it a grand way to know you're doing well. Not to mention that it also helps timing your moments with the logical note progression.Over the multiple different worlds, there are retro levels, multiple paths and different bosses to change things up, and the dastardly combinations of different moments makes you really appreciate the level design - which may appear simplistic at times - but it very finely tuned.This game is great in short bursts for those that don't have much time, it's great for those wanting a challenge, and especially if you like the recognition for seamlessly stringing together your levels and actions. Everything about this game screams that the developer cared about making their game. From the cutscenes narrated by Charles Martinet (who also does the voice for Mario) right down to the charming animations and fluid movement.This game is something you should seriously consider purchasing, playing, loving and then realising that you have to do the whole game on all three difficulties and then all the extras and then costumes and then...
First you get the money, then you get the power, then you get the women.By taking all of them by force with guns.
