This game has a lot of potential GOOD THING SO FAR:1.nice environment2.basic leveling system3.basic skill system4.basic quest system5.basic loot systemImprovements:1.the minimap,make important items such as quests, vedors, where to go for a quest,e.g make them biggger and older on the minimap and maybe a colour that will stand out,also dont put other players on the map,doing this will make the game for more a wasteland as you wont have an idea,so pretty much for minimap make important things stand out and unimportant no on it,and only show the npc-'s on the map that either have a quest,or store,not just random npc that you can talk too2. a good addidition could be a waypoint bar at the bottom or top of the screen like in borderlands(<---------------n-----------?------>) - similar to that, and it rotates, as this will make it easier with a sense of direction and where to go,and same goes with this,important things are bolder and small things arent on it3.other than this just keepworking on the game and it can be the next big mmo NEW THINGS:1.unable to do the quest where you talk to lui mothers.(talk to mother of the insolent kid)2.scale enemies in safe areas to level 13.make more quests for low level4.if theres a quest MAKE A -!- instead of having to talk to every damn citizen to get one5.make crafting easier (less componets) and ruduce time6.fix trading with npc, for me there are never any items in their inventory7.better weapon shot registration.,as sometime my bullets wont register8.show quests all around the whole world map with a -!-9.show names of important places on map ( e.g skyrim,all the 9 hold are listed before you discover them E.g whiterun,riften)10.add on map a legend,e.g !-available quest,because i honestly dont know what ? means,so if that means quest change it to !,because gamers are familarised with ! being a quest,and make ? a area where you e.g might need to help a citizen,like a instant mission11.again,just label all the main parts on maps,like main cities(settlements),this will be really helpful and show all available quests on the world map and add a custom markerthanks,keep up the good work,adding these small WILL make a difference and get the gtame more popularnew 2.01.REDUCE enemy melee range as they can melee you from distances where they wouldne be ckise to hitting you,make the range  1-in-game meternew 3.01.issue where nothign will spawn in,(during mid gameplay session) and you will be damaged from nothing ,and wont take damage (the blood comes up on the screen but no enemy and you dont lose hp)2.the weapon -knife- does not work,you just hold it and when you attack nothing happens3.have enemies (if human) drop their armour and weapons,and maybe add a new armour that is just called -raider armour- and they just have random weapons,harder eneimies drop better loot4.make crafting require less materialsPRO TIP:fix the main games issues and dont add more thing suntil the main game is complete for exaplme i get a bug where every thing despawns except the environment so npc,enemies resources etc
Things squeakers have in common,in Counter strike: Global offensive1. (Obvious) A high voice2. $10 worth of skins and asking for a stat trak karambit fn crimson web3. All say they can use the awp5. Easily distracted by chickens6. Easily distracted when a no-scope is possible7. Can Awp a chicken8. All lower than Gold Nova 29. Always, I mean always blame the person next to them10. All of them still play Call Of Duty10/10Bonus. Dust II is love, Dust II is life....
I didn't know mommy had toys ;)
Very fun and addicting,even fun after several playthrough,heaps of content and just all around AWESOME!
a fun,but challenging RPG as you take on the role as death himself and fight to destroy corrupption amongst the world
this game has it all,3rd person shooter with close combat fighting against the orks to save the planet while having several disasters along the way and unlocking new guns and gear on multiplayer and campaign,multiplayer features t.d.m and 4 player co-op
