seriously cool game, but destroyed by poor optimisation.
overall, its a pretty bad game. the Campaign for a start, i dont even know if im alive atm! (pls wtf) and it just feels like there are WAY TO MANY ENEMIES (the ai sucks too) so this makes it a massive cluster f*ck of swirling sh*t. i hate it a lot. Zombies is just the same crap as it used to be, except there are even more glitches to make it an impossible experience. Multiplayer on the other hand is quite fun. bust MP i have played on any COD i think. it just needs more guns with better mechanics for each. i cannot feel the power of firing the weapons like in Bops1 ( all weapons felt different), instead all the fu*king guns feel the same. and the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ glitchyness problems are a pain in the ♥♥♥. has to freeze at least once every two games, and at the most inconvenient times too. fml this will be the last COD i ever play. sick of ♥♥♥♥ devs working under unrealistic timeframes and creating the worst ports to PC in gaming history. ONLY PLAY IF YOU ARE INTO MP (MUST BE ON SALE!!!!!) not worth any more than $50. i say this because its an incomplete product with all kinds of flaws both story and gameplay wise.
wow reliving my childhood in hd!... well higher res at least... as far as i am concerned, this game trumps AOE1,2 and 3... easily (same conceptwith skirmish and kill you enemies but more ecenomic ability, better fighting not just rediculous sized armies with pandas that shoot lasers! OH CANADA)
This game has some interesting things about it... but.... idk.... its a bit lame and soggy :/ dont think of it as a city builder from a gods perspective, but more like, something a fat alcoholic, diabetic, heart attackishperson designed who never played a game before.... just, dont play it.... its realy dry.... but has some cool sounds in game...... PS.... the game distription is SOOOO deciving, just, if it was not worth any money, this would b ok, and acceptable for gamers.............
This game is tha BOMM! i am a massive fan to the LOTR stories, this merges in quite nicely too.
Ok this is a great game! very similar to the orrigional. However, only buy it on sale, unfortunatly i do not think this game is worth $50. particualy after the mess of the past 3 stronghold games.
This is my 2nd Favorite MOBA behind DOTA and in front of Lol. This MOBA, i feel it's conciderably easier than DOTA and Lol,  with really interesting ideas including auto buy items and auto Lvl skills, this SERIOUSLY takes away any confusion people may have with MOBAs in the crucial areas of Builds and tactics. The 3rd person aspect to this MOBA makes it very unique and it does not deduct from gameplay at all! and for that reason i rate SMITE at 9/10My only gripe with this game is the somewhat clunky feel to the camera. i think if it was made smother, this would be ♥♥♥♥tasticPLAY THIS GAME! ITS REALLY FUN!!!!
Nice variations in the campaign, as compare to Shogun2 and other total war games.... still the general idea of distroy EVERYTHING!
Hhmm.. I have always enjoyed citybuilders, and this one is interesting. it is on a small scale, not my favorite, but!!!! there is pleanty of other things you can pre-occupy yourself with (quite a good game). would reccomend, quite enjoyable!
this game is absolutly amazing!!!! xept for the lack of players......... :( but GET IT!!!!!!! 5 stars form me :)
