Group of male bandits got me to take my pants off and shot me.10/10 GOTY
Portal 2 is an experience that must be played to truely understand what it is. Is it a shooter, or a puzzle game? The answer is both. Portal was one of the games that defined this generation of gaming, among other Valve creations, raising the bar for the quality of the sequel. I am happy to report that it does not dissapoint. With 3 new charactors (Wheatley, Cave Johnson and Caroline), Portal 2 delivers a plot that is perfect in nearly every way, adding to the original, but not taking away. Alongside the many charactor developments and plot twists that I will not mention (you have to see for yourself!), gameplay is beautiful. The added mechanics make for more interesting puzzles than in the first game and many more of said puzzles. The Aperture Science Handheld Portal Device, or the portal gun, is back and better than ever. You get the portal gun towards the start of the game and keep it until the end. You will encounter many new challenges that you must solve, up until the end. The end of the game is something that should not be spoiled, but I will tell you that it does not dissappoint.After the single-player experience, the game keeps going into the new co-op mode. Playing as one of two bots with your friend controlling the other makes for an interesting experience. Yes, this means there are two portal guns, and yes this means that there are four portals. These puzzles are challenging depending on how well you do. If you sit in the corner not contributing, you will not get through the first puzzle in the co-op campaign. There are many moments in co-op where you just feel like having fun and playing tricks on your partner, which the game lets you do. It is obvious that this game will put your friendship to the test. With voice chat and your -ping tool,- you have ease of communication, so you can-'t blame the game for that. These tools are quite fun and easy to use, so there is no learning curve.To summerize, Portal 2 is definately worth the $20 it costs and even more worth it when it goes on sale. I-'ve replayed the single-player many, many times and enjoyed the game all the way through my play time of 100+ hours. Portal 2 gets a 10/10.
No game can exactly compare to Gmod. It is incredible. You can do so much and it is so fun. Whether you are sandboxing or playing Trouble in Terrorist Town, you will have lots of fun.This game has many pros. For starters, the incredible physics engine of Source combined with a sandbox game makes for some fun times. This game can be used for making animations, by spawning in ragdolls and positioning them where you want, and finally snapping a picture. You also get a lot for your $10 worth. Not only do you get sandbox (which is fun in itself) but you also have other games by the modding community build for Garry's Mod. These are games such as Stop it Slender, Trouble in Terrorist Town, Murder, Prop Hunt and many more. However, this game isn't perfect.This game has a few minor cons that are worth talking about. Firstly, if this is your first Steam purchase, or your first Source game purchase, you may run into a few problems. See, you need to buy a Source engine game. While that wasn't an issue for me (I personally got Steam for Portal once, now I use it much more) others may find themselves not being able to play GMod. Secondly, many of the games require Counter-Strike: Source. This was a problem for me, because I didn't want to pay  $20 for CSS. I was able to get the textures off the internet (legally!) and mod my game so this was fixed, however many users may not want to do this. Finally, when you first play this game, you may have no idea what it is exactly, and just play Sandbox, which can get very boring. There's no guide or help to tell you there's anything else to do.To summerise, GMod is a great game that will keep getting better as it is updated and as the community of modders and other Workshop creators alike grows. However, because of some minor issues, this game deserves an 8.3 out of 10. I recommend this game, and you should definately buy it.
worst western shooter, not even horses or cowboy hats. has op revolver20/10 ign
This game is amazing. Buy it
TF2 FTW! Download it! Do NOT resist! It is the best FPS I have played, and it's free!!!
If you are reading this review right now, you probably don't own this game. So, I'll keep this brief.THROW YOUR MONEY AT THE SCREEN AND BUY THIS GAME. THIS IS AN AMAZING GAME. IT SHOULD BE A CRIME TO IGNORE THIS GAME.In all seriousness, this is one of the greatest games you could play that is on Steam. Don't hesitate.
I love Tiger Woods Unite. I get to be paid to play golf, then spend it on expensive luxuries in my beach-side condo. 10/10Seriously, though, Tower Unite is a fantastic game. It's buggy, it is somewhat unfinished, but the current state of the game is incredible considering that it is still in an Early Access alpha. The developers are incredibly dedicated. They don't seem to be like any other, as they are open and transparent, making the game experience that much easier. The developers answer questions on their Discord, and seem to update the game frequently to fix bugs and add new features and gameplay tweaks. And the game itself, is very fun. Several friends got the game with me, and we've had so much fun with the minigames. Whether we're playing Minigolf, Virus, Ball Race, Planet Panic, chilling in the amazingly customizable condos, watching dank memes in the theater, or listening to Mac's beautiful voice in the tutorial series, Tower Unite is worth every penny of the asking price.
Valve and Bethesda listened! NO MORE PAID MODS!!!
Go and goat this game. Don't make the goat cry.
