This game is not ready to be played. I can't get past the tutorial because the game mechanics are basically broken.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IT IS BROKEN AND NOT READY TO BE PLAYEDIf you are interested wait until it hits beta before you even consider buying it.You are basically a cyborg that being hunted by other robots that are huntin you and all you have to do is survive. but it is really hard when you cant even jump with the broken mechanics.DO NOT BUY
This game is really fun and you can play as heaps of differnet characters through DLC but you only begin with 4.you can play online or offline, co-op or pvp really whatever you want.You have to realise though that this game is nowhere near as good if you dont get a couple or all of the dlcs that just add to the fun.You must also remember that you are able to get hacked weapons but they are really cheaty and just ruin the game.apart from that this game has heaps of different game modes, maps and is just the best tower defense game ive ever played.
SWING STAB CROUCH BLOCKComing This May.............Call Of Duty: Medieval Warfare
The First Mission involves you hanging from the skids of a helicopter shooting dozens of people,This game is a badass fake version of GTA.-Pew Pew-and its CO-OP
its free, just play it
your basically an alien assassin that gets missions and does them.FOR FFFFFFFFFFFFFRRRRRRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
By far the best zombie game i've played in ages, just as good as Day Z or 7 days to die. This game is set in an open world and works like a real world zombie apocalypse if you die you dont respawn you just change characters and keep going. If you tell an NPC to acompany you and they die, they are dead and you will never get them back.The story is awesome with you starting off with 3 people and slowly building from there while trying to get out of the place. Every playthrough is different because you could die early and make it so those 3 friends die before finishing the game.Apart from that there are also 2 completely different DLC's that just add to the chaos making the zombies harder and changing the map so you don't have to keep looking at the same place over and over again. They also bring in different types of playing, 1 telling you to go loud with military guns and weapons and the other takes a more stealthy approach to the game.I have got this game on PC and Xbox and love it on both it is a definite must have.
Some cool gadgets. the grapling hook and cape are the best and it also has pretty good guns and a wide variety of objects to make your character your own.
Awesome game, with cool weapons and good story  lines. Can't wait for Payday 2 to come out
