Beautiful game! Love every second of it. Amazing gameplay, story and graphics. GOTY for sure!
Fantasic game so far! Its challenging, fun, and it's actually quite scary too for once unlike the last few Resident Evil games. My thoughts...*Great gameplay! Its a mix of Revelations 1 and RE6 which is perfect. Its not too action packed while also not being too slow paced.*Raid mode is interesting. Big improvement on Revelations 1.*Guns feel more balanced and somewhat realistic compared to Revelations 1.*AI for once isnt stupid... so far ;)*Graphics are quite nice... Although unfortunately it is only DX9... *No offline co-op on PC?... ugh... not happy about that. I thought there would be considering RE6... *Overall fantasic game. 8/10!One thing that I'm confused about though... why on earth is it being called Biohazard now on the main menu? I have the Australian version... not the Jap version :/
Great game. Huge improvement from previous LC game! *Amazing graphics*Great controls*Very interactive*Lots of options*Loads of replayability*Its FUN!
Apart from the high system requirements and the fact that there are frame rate problems, this game is actually very good. I really like the character customization and new combat/free run system (even though it took me a while to get used to it).Give the game a chance and you'll appreciate it. Dont be expecting to play this game on high graphics levels if you dont have the recommended specs though. I have the exact specs it is recommended and I get about 40fps - 60fps with everything maxed out (Not including shadows which is on high and AA which is on FXAA).
Fantastic game!! Im seriously loving every minute I play of it!Great GraphicsGreat GameplayGreat everything!One thing though... stuttering issues really make the game unplayable when fighting enemies. The amount of times I got killed because the game froze up and stuttered like crazy was annoying. I have the recommended requirements and I even put the draw distance really low. FPS is perfectly fine... but that stuttering and random little freezes though... Hopefully this is resolved in a patch though.Other than that issue, I definately do recommend this game to anyone that likes horror, open world, and a nice gory experience!
