Dark souls. Where to begin?Great Bosses, Weapons, etcAnd i love it.It's the kind of game that has you almost breaking your controller.It's the kind of game that hits you in the ♥♥♥♥ time and time again with every mistake. I have finished this game and it's  ♥♥♥♥ing Amazing. But i give this amazingly hard game 5 stars.
This game can like being butt ♥♥♥♥♥ by a dragon, it's brutal, just like Dark Souls 1.It is easier than the first one, though.It's good, like the first one, it has the dufficulty curves like it. The bosses are actually a fair bit easy, once you know it's moveset.You may die. Your mind may be ♥♥♥♥♥ mercilessly and you may rage quit multiple times...But you'll love this game even more when you triumph over those annoying bits. Get this game now.
Basically DS2 remastered.New enemy, loot, and even some added land placements. Iron Keep is bright as all ♥♥♥♥.Dragon shrine is easier, but once you attack one of the dragonbros, R.I.P you. Nothing in DLC is changed, sadly. Except the key placements.You get Grand Lance so ♥♥♥♥ing early though..GG WP FROM.
Ah, Skyrim. The fantasy game I was in love with before Dark Souls crawled from hell and took me into it.I recommend this, but use mods to make it infinitely better.It's good, just that there's no real and true bosses. But it's so ♥♥♥♥ing massive in exploration and quests, holy ♥♥♥♥. Anyway, get this game and the DLC. It's pretty good. (Although I prefer Dark Souls..)
This game's good. It's like shitcraft (Minecraft) but with more weapons, armour, bosses and it's 2D. It's really fun in multiplayer, but it's hard to do because of connection things.I recommend doing it solo first, then play with your friend who is also as experienced as you for maximum enjoyment.
This game, it's good. You can become a Majin, a Human, a Namek, Freiza race or a Saiyan.Online's alright, just a bit laggy.   That's what I get for being in Australia.  I would recommend this game to people who are at least kinda familiar with the story, as things change due to the darkness from Mira and Towa, 2 of the few new characters introduced to the series. The DLC's are pretty good, you get new abilities and characters Revival F DLC doesn't have story mode. ;-; Also, watch Team Fourstar's gameplay of this game on YouTube or their website. Hail Dumplin.
Hats, Robots, Bread, Random ♥♥♥♥ing Crits, Buffs and Nerfs, what more can you ask for? Get this now. It's ♥♥♥♥ing free. RIP your wallet btw 
Good game, good co-op (Voice Co-op may help more), good plot twists, get this gameGood ♥♥♥♥
