Fun game, this. So what you do is find a vault, set up a drill, fix the drill, fix the drill again, fix the drill a couple more times, and then finally you ca- wait no the drill jammed again. Fix it again, and then you can take the money! But wait... there's a gate in front of you, and you have to drill through it! (You can also blow it up, but don't tell them, it ruins the fun) So you set up the drill again, fix it, fix it yet again, start getting annoyed, fix it again, and finally it's do- no wait it ♥♥♥♥ING JAMMED AGAIN. So you fix the piece of ♥♥♥♥ drill again, and FINALLY you get the money. But what are those boxes over there? You see a teammate open one of them, and get more money! So you try open some, see they take 20 seconds each, and get even more annoyed. So you stop at 5, and get absolutely nothing. Then you escape with the money and your teammate wants to open every single box, so about 15 minutes of opening boxes later, you get a decent amount of loot and a lot of time wasted. So you keep running all the loot over, get shot by a turret but still secure all except 2 bags. You and your teammate have very little health. You want to escape but he wants the bags, and won't escape unless he gets them. So you run over with him, get the bags, run back and you both get shot by the turret and you both go down. And fail.Wait, was I meant to be positive? Woops... Uh, you can cook meth? And steal cocaine? Good enough? Yeah, buy this. Oh. and don't forget to buy all the DLC, because how can you be good at PAYTOWINDAY 2 without all the DLC?
Game costs 14 cents. Get 3 cards for playing. Sell cards for 8 cents, receive 6 cents for each. Make 4 cents profit. Buy Operation Vanguard Case.In all seriousness, I actually received this game thanks to a kind friend of mine, The Australian Assassin. Oh my god it has never been harder to die!! This will literally wreck your mind. I LOVE IT!! The feeling of finally dieing is a mixture of -YES! I FINALLY DIED!-'- and -How the f**k did I not think of that...-.  It involves getting cut up by saws, getting cut up by spikes and getting squashed by boxes. REMEMBER YOU CAN GET SQUASHED BY BOXES OR YOU WILL RAGE. This game makes me so angry. Get. Before 9 March. Only 14 cent. Also Dead Bits. Get.
Such a funny game! Takes the seriousness and enjoyment of Poker and removes the stress with fun tables and cards and absolutely HILARIOUS lines. I-'d recommend removing the censor, but that-'s just my preference... Tycho swears a **** ton. It can get a little frustrating after you lose a few games in a row or when you-'re trying to get a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ straight flush, but it-'s enjoyable in other ways. You don-'t ACTUALLY lose money! You can enjoy poker without stress! The other guys say some really funny lines! And, of course, the reason why 60% of you buy this game - the TF2 items! A police badge, a sweet pistol, some slick shades, -Sasha- and a bloody watch. But this game isn-'t just about the TF2 items. I bought it because I wanted to enjoy it, and took the items as a bonus. It is quite fun to strategise how to win the game and how to target a certain item without ****ing up, and that feeling when you get a flush, a full house or a straight and you destroy everyone else-'s hands, or when you win with a pair of twos. This game is so much more than $5 of TF2 items! Highly recommend!!
