♥♥♥♥ing amazing
Despite all of the negative comments, I incredibly enjoyed this game. It has fun stealth gameplay and the drop-in multiplayer adds an exciting surprise whenever your free roaming. All of the hate reviews on this game are made the day of or day after release. I don't think this game quite lives up to the hype, but overall I - and everyone I know who owns this game - has loved it. 9/10.
My name is John Wick, and I am a super detective. Thanks to the amazing efforts of OVERKILL software, my simple character in  Payday 2  has since exploded into popular culture. There were books and even a movie made for me! It-'s an incredible opportunity and I am sincerely grateful to OVERKILL for presenting it to me.Now, I know what you-'re thinking: 'But John Wick, this is a review for  Payday 2,  not the free John Wick DLC!- And you-'re right... But: You see, it-'s a common misconcepion that other characters exist inside  Payday 2.  I often see people writing about -Hoxton- this, or -Jacket- that. I simply don-'t understand it! I mean, suppose there  were  other characters. Why would you want to play them when the supreme John Wick (Super Detective) was an option? I-'ll tell you, there  is no  reason. But let-'s continue with the review. Payday 2: The Chronicles of John WIck  follows the unlikely hero John Wick, a super detective with a dark secret.In the game-'s opening act John is surrounded by his allies. In a horrible act of betrayl John Wick is almost hurt slightly (which is normally impossible for him) and seeks revenge. The rest of the game builds off this premise of discovery, truth, and ultimately redemption. For a story focused JRPG I sincerely recommend this game. 10/10-John (Mother♥♥♥♥ing) Wick
Really fun! I had a great experience with ACU with minimal bugs. There were times when frames dropped but it was shortlived and didn't interfere too much with gamepley. Strongly reccommend.
Too many bugs, sound bugs, texture bugs. The tutorial is long and hard to follow and gameplay mechanics are slow and confusing. Movement in general is just clunky. It's essentially a worse space engineers with planets. Granted I haven't played much but whenever I launch the game I get this horrible static noise that gives me headaches. I think that this game shows potential but I wouldn't recommend buying it now.
TL;DR: The game is boring, and multiplayer is buggy but it looks nice.This game has some serious issues, both technical and design oriented. After playing Trine 2 with friends and loving it, we decided to try out Trine 3. I got a bad feeling as soon as I learned there was no skill system, and from there the game got worse. In the first mission, we experienced a bug where only the host could see the animation of a puzzle, making me and my other friend useless in it. (Un)fortunately, it seems that all 3 characters now can do essentially the same things, making the puzzle possible even though only one person could interact with it. The addition of a third dimension (while adding depth to gameplay in some ways) mostly just made the controls a mess.The only positive thing I can say about this game is that if you liked the Trine series for the aesthetic, you will enjoy this game as it improves upon the graphics of the previous installments. However, if you liked Trine for the mayhem and fun that came from playing with your friends, it probably isn't worth a buy.I know that I only have around an hour of this game on record, and I think that that's an important thing to note when reading this review.Maybe I judged this game too quickly, but I'm not going to waste anymore time on a buggy, mechanicly void platformer.
This is an incredibly fun game. It uses its amusing and entertaining mechanics to tell a great story. It is quite short and I'm not yet sure about the replay value as of yet, but I would recommend this game to everyone who likes a casual game and a laugh.
Lots of things to do in this game, never a dull moment!
