Urmagush good game!
HANDS DOWN ONE OF THE BEST GAMES OF ALL TIME! The lore, the world, the gear!!! This game is amazing! You can spend hundreds and hundreds of hours in this game, with the same save, and still find dozens of new NPC's, dungeons and miscellaneous quests! The combat is fun and satisfying. The voice acting can tend to get a little dull at times seeing as pretty much everyone is voice acted by this same small amount of people. The in game secrets, references, and easter eggs are brilliant. Especially the Three Billy Goats Gruff easter egg. There are dozens of books to read which add plenty of extra lore and history to the game's continents and world called Nirn. Skyrim is an amazing province, with its massive mountains, swamps, grasslands and so on. The DlC's are also brilliant! Adding dozens to hundreds of hours of extra gameplay!The worst parts about the game has probably got to be the common quest glitches, which stop you from starting or proceeding in a quest. Some quests also don't have quest markers at times. The levelling up also takes hours. 215 hours and I'm level 62. Its gonna take a while to reach level 80.Anyway, this game is brilliant and a must own.BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY
fun
Great for anyone who is looking for a strong narratively driven indie game. Would highly recommend.
Amazing game with an awesome story, and great character development. It also has one of the saddest endings to a TV show, movie, book, or any other video game I have ever experienced. Everyone needs to experience this masterpeice.
This is a really good documentary that shows what its like to develop an Indie Game. It shows the stress, hard work, anxiety and dedication that develepors have to go through to develop their own games. Anyone who is into playing games needs to watch this film.
This is a very good retro style game. It has awesome satisfying gameplay and gore. The game pretty much works around strategy and timing, because one shot can kill you, and the enemys reacts almost instantly. It has a very interesting and trippy story, and it has some pretty good boss fights. It has hands down one of the best video game soundtracks ever (In my opinion).Its a good game with good replay value.
Pretty good game -trilogy-. Good story and character development. One thing that I find really impressive is how Alyx Vance is a follower in most of Episode 1 and 2, and she NEVER gets annoying. And she barely gets in the way either. Its also pretty cool how its set in the same world has the Portal series. It needed a better soundtrack though, and the gameplay can get a bit boring and repetative at times. And it has very few -WOW-moments.Its a pretty good game and i cant wait until Half Life 3/ Half Life 2: Episode 3 comes out. IF it comes out.
