Really great game, even as of now. Played it with 3 others on a computer that was streamed to a PC using Xbox controllers, very fluid and fun game. The bot AI is quite good as well, would recommend picking up if you've got a spare $10 and a couple friends laying around somewhere.
The only good Red Faction.
9/10Definately a good game, good mechanics, servers, originality.It-'s so damn funny as well.Gunplay is fun, teamwork is lacking.There are Bots as well as Australian Servers.TF2 pay model. Pay for cosmetics ONLY.This is not a -Pay to Win- game.2 Gigabyte download.Pretty good optimisation. Did I mention it was free?Menu tutorial, no tutorial on how to play the game though. (Should be self explanitory.)
Absolute piece of ♥♥♥♥ with no redeeming qualities.10/10 - IGN
Best Final Fantasy Ever.
This is, by far my most favourite game I have ever encountered and will never be changed.Why?Because I was brought up playing this game, as well as Team Fortress Classic (Cheers Uncle!), playing it everyday alongside my Playstation 1, SNES and Unreal Tournament.Reasons:+ Fast Paced+ Among the First and Greatest FPS games (alongside of Doom, Quake, Duke Nukem and Wolfenstein.)+ Creative+ Quality Graphics for its time (And is still a joy to look at)+ Different ways to approach situations and pathways.+ Puzzles!+ Aliens!+ Lot's of replayability+ Huge modding community! (Single Player mods [They Hunger, Point of View], Co-op Mods [Sven Co-op!], Multiplayer Mods [Counter-Strike, Team Fortress Classic - the best TF ever])- When you save in the wrong spot you may be screwed and may have to start over.- A.I can be dumb at timesSummaryThere's a reason why this was named GOTY by over 50 publications and given a 96/100 on metacritic, better than any CoD or any other generic shooter on today's market. Why buy Call of Duty: Ghosts when you can buy this beautiful gem right here?
Unreal Tournament III brings back the good memorys of UT and UT2004, with upgraded graphics, tons of maps and gamemodes, polished characters and a new storyline.UT3 contains modernised graphics that can be run fairly easily (I-'m running on an older laptop and it runs smoothly on high), even with lot-'s of action happening on screen.UT3 is fast paced, fun and rage-inducing when you keep getting dominated but finally kill them with a well-placed headshot or redemeer shot.I give UT3 a 9/10. It could easily get a 10/10 if there were more voice commands (lacking important voice commands such as -No-), different character customisation abilities such as color (in FFA matches). I would recommend anyone this if they loved;Serious SamUnreal TournamentQuake III ArenaArcade ShootersSee you on the battlefield!
10/10Made by the same people who made Amnesia: The Dark Descent. This game is Amnesia, but better, longer, more puzzles, modernised (glowsticks, flashlight; shoddy one at that) and scary >:)Expect to die multiple times by spiders, dogs, naked men with umbilicle cords to their ♥♥♥♥ and rolling stones.You are a guy who is looking for his father who he never heard from since he was born, until his mother's death. You go to greenland to search for answers.$5 for this amazing series is well worth the money. Go and get it :D
