19, July, 2016Dead by Daylight is a multiplayer, competitive, survival, horror game which typically is played as a 1v4, 1v3, 1v2 or 1v1.The setting is in some sort of abandoned park, or field, etc (different maps) at night where 1-4 survivors are trapped and must attempt to escape. The reason why they must escape is because lurking in the area with them is a demonic, cold-blooded serial-killer. The killer who is controlled by 1 player in the match must kill/sacrifice as many survivors as possible. Sounds like a pretty straight-forward matchup. However it is not as easy as it seems.In each map there are 2 main exits which are closed and dysfunctional, as well as around 7 stationary generators spread around the area. In order the power the main exists, the survivors must repair a certain number generators (typically depending on the amount of survivors in the match (4 survivors = 5 generators. 3 survivors = 4 generators. etc)) Each generator takes a vaguely large amount of time to repair and while survivors are repairing them they are constantly under the heart-pounding pressure of encountering the killer.The killer-'s job isn-'t entirely simple either. When the killer finds a survivor he must strike them (generally twice) with their primary weapon in order to seize them from running and down them. From there the killer cannot physically kill the survivors (unless a certain -perk- is used). His job is to pick them up and hang them on sacrificial hooks spread around the map. The hooks keep the survivors stationary and sets a long time limit where a spider-like, speared creature (best description I can give) forms around the hook post and attempts to kill the survivor. The survivors can be saved while hung up though. At this point in time (July 19, 2016) the killer player can select 1 of 3 different killers, each with a different ability. One carries around beartraps which can be set anywhere and seize wandering survivors. One has a cloaking bell which can turn the killer mostly invisible. And also one with a chainsaw that can be used to charge at and completely down any survivors that make contact.The game as well as being challenging includes many more mechanics and features than it appears. When performing tasks such as repairing generators or healing teammates, the game randomly displays -'skill checks-' in order the make the tasks more pressuring and challenging. Upon failing a skill check, the completion bar will move down slightly and will also causes a very audible sound, potentially attracting the killer. Upon succeeding a skill check, the bar moves skips a few seconds and rewards the player extra game points. There are also storage crates around the map which contain useful items for survivors such as medkits for assisting in healing other survivors or yourself, toolboxes for assisting in repairing generators or sabotaging hooks and other mechanical objects, or a flashlight which can be used to blind and stun the killer when necessary.There are many ways for survivors to counter the killer-'s wrath including vaulting over slightly raised objects or windows, pushing down barricades in front of him and potentially stunning them, blinding them with the flashlight, hiding in cabinets, or planting themselves in camouflaged positions in order the lure the killer away.There are many other mechanics in-game which I would love to talk about but need to keep this review not as long. The game also has a ranking system used to truly compete with other players and become more skilled at the game. There are also a variety of customization options, items, perks and add-ons for the characters and killers.The game at this point in time isn-'t perfect, as there are many bugs and in-game features which make the game less fun and more frustrating at times. However, what we have right now is a creative, fun and interactive competitive game that tests and rewards the player-'s ability to remain vigilant, keep focused, be stealthy, stay alert, and be altruistic and supportive to your fellow survivors. And always remember that -death is not an escape-Pros:- Incredible variety of mechanics- Intriguing gameplay- Audio gives players paranoia- Overwhelmingly terrifying moments- Greatly tests player-'s gameplay abilities- Variety of customization and add-ons- Enjoyable when played with friends- Potential epic and satisfying momentsCons:- Some frustrating mechanics and features- Confusing ranking system- Non reusable items and perks- Over-powered favouring to quickly skilled players- Glitches (July 19, 2016)- Not a lot the game has to offer (July 19, 2016)- Poorly optimized (July 19, 2016)7/10Recommended for players interested in multiplayer, survival horror, strategy, and competitive gameplay.
-'Five Nights at Freddy-'s is a fantastic strategy survival horror game that is probably the most scary and most intense game I have ever played. This game will make you sweat, shiver and scream.The idea of this game is you have been hired as a security guard at Freddy-'s Pizza place. Your goal is to check all the security cameras, the lights, the doors, your environment, EVERYTHING to keep an eye on Freddy and the other the animatronic droids to make sure they don-'t get to you. Otherwise they will see you as another droid without a Freddy costume and will try to stuff you inside of one (which will kill you). The objective of this game is to survive the night from 12:00AM to 6:00AM (each hour is around 1.5 minutes in length). You must survive all 5 nights to beat the game (The game saves at the start of each night). There is also an extra night and a custom night where you can choose the difficulty of each droid, on a scale of 1-20.The warning for this game is -This game contains a lot of Flashing Lights, Loud Noises and Jumpscares- If you really cannot cope with loud noises make sure to turn your game volume down to your satisfaction. The jumpscares in this game happen when the droids get to you. They jump right into your vision and perform a very loud robotic-like scream.This game I-'d say has a horror scale of 8/10. I-'ve always been a fan of Indie horror but this game is a masterpiece. It is scary and intense as F*CK!!! There is a free demo for this game online which only unlocks the first night. You can buy the full version for only $4:99 which is a pretty decent price for this kind of game. It-'s worht the money.Overall this game is a very unique and fun idea for a horror game. I rate it 9/10, it is that good. If you are a fan of horror or Indie horror then I Highly recommend buying this game. Special thanks to IndieDB and the youtubers: Markiplier and Yamimash for introducing me to this game.
Welcome to the #1 game to play when you are bored!Once you load the game, you wont be leaving for AT LEAST an hour!
WARNING: This review contains spoilers. XAlien: Isolation is a High quality AAA horror game based off the 1979 movie, -Alien-. In this game, you play as Ellen Ripley-'s daughter (Amanda Ripley) in a time zone set between the first and second -Alien- movie. Ripley and the -'Torrens-' must go on a mission to the -'Sevastapol Station-' to unravel the truth behind her mother-'s disappearence. Only to find that the station has gone to chaos, citezins going crazy, synthetics have turned evil, and there is also the pressence of a Big, fast, lethal and unpredictable alien.Alien: Isolation is quite possibly THE BEST horror game I have ever played. I couldn-'t keep myself from it until I finished the campaign. Most -'Alien-' games in the past have been quite disappointing and put every one to a conclusion that there is never going to be a good Alien game. However ladies and gentlemen, I present to you, Creative Assebly-'s -'Alien: Isolation-'.The game features a HUGE range of gameplay sources including items found in the station used for crafting, ammunition and flares. A crafting system for (hidden In game) blueprints such as medkits, smoke bombs, flashbangs and some other amazing utilities. A variety of weapons (hidden in game) such as a revolver, a shotgun, a stun baton and more. Terminal cmoputers (WITH CRT MONITORS?!), rewire systems and... Save Stations (which I have always hated). As well as a motion tracker, an access tuner and a headset flashlight to help in your quest for survival.As well as the Alien there are many enemies to avoid in Alien: Isolation. After a disruptance in the stations core, Sevastapols-'s environmentally friendly andriods have turned AWOL and are executing all located humans in the station. They are indestructable to most of your utilities. They can be stopped by using the Stun Baton, EMP mines, or the Bolt Gun. There are other Human-'s on the station, alive and terrified. They will kill anyone they see for survival. There are also Facehuggers on the station as well (keep them away from you).The main antagonist of the game is the alien Xenomorph that proclaimed to wander out of the -Nest- and is roaming -'Sevastapol-' killing everyone in sight. The Xenomorph features incredible Artificial Inteligence that can be alerted by even the slightest bit of noise (hint: don-'t run). He can go anywhere in the station via the ceiling vents. The Xenomorph is more unpredictable than probably any other horror game enemy I have seen. He can fall out of the ceiling, he can crawl through access vents and he is much faster than you. If he spots you he will chase after you at a terrifying speed and once he catches you, you are introduced to a death screen. There are many methods of occupying the alien, such as   hiding in lockers, cabinets and under tables, using noisemakers, using rewires, and fire...  - -Animals are terrified of fire-.Although this game may seem like a perfect horror game, it is not. The full game is $50 and has a size of 32 GBs. The game is 15 hours long, which is way over the average horror game time length. The first half of the game is great fun and quite interesting, while the rest of the game is just adding, less cutscenes, more frustrating tasks and more -'I just wanna beat the game-'. The game uses manual -save stations- as its main source of saving (again, I hate save stations). And the game is known to be really frustrating at times, and sometimes -unbeatable-.Over all though, this is a fantastic action - survival - horror. I-'d rate it a 9/10. This is not the best horror game of all time, but if you don-'t mind spending $50 on an -Alien- based horror that takes 32 GBs space, spending over 15 hours on confusing and frustrating tasks and scares and relying on locating save stations throughout the campaign every time you have to leave the game, then I recommend Creative Assembly-'s Alien: Isolation 100%.If you are still reading this, I hope you enjoyed my review. Now go and enjoy the game.
Most of the bad reviews for this game are people saying:-This isn-'t actual Minecraft on Steam--I didn-'t do my research before buying--Game-'s fault!-
The TT Cloud system id f***ed!Doesn't save the game at all!
All I can say about this game is:I have never been so scared AND addicted to ANY game in my life!!Okay. Maybe a bit more.The Story is finominal.The gameplay is good.The Environment is beautiful and horrific at the same time.The satisfactory amount of enemies are walking, soulless, differently and beautifully designed, horror masterpieces!The soundtrack is legendary!The chasing theme for the enemies makes your heart want to leave your chest! (not literally)The games effects when looking at or interacting with something feel like futuristic amnesiaThe AI... may need a bit of work onAnd once played through the full 10-12 hours of the game.. All you can do is clap.Definately worth the $30!WELL DONE FRICTIONAL!
Question: Is it possible to unlock things like the R&D Lab when you've already finished game?
