So, you wish to ask if this is a good game, well let me ask you something first!Are you a fan of hardcore military simulators where one shot is the difference between life and waiting 10 seconds to respawn? Are you a communist, capitalist or just a casual nazi?Or do you just want to see the world burn?If you answered yes to any of those, this game is for you.There are plenty of server worldwide and the game is active and alive, you will always find a well populated server with reasonable ping. The communty is mostly comprised of very experienced players, but don't worry, there are no little screamers it's mostlymature adults who will help you if you have any questions.The game sounds, feels and looks great.I literaly get scared when a bullet whisels over my head, knowing every shot can kill adds to the experience.In terms of graphics the game looks super good, it runs well on all systems, even my dads laptop can play it on medium and still reach the 62FPS cap. And yes the FPS is capped at 62. The sounds are realistic as I have fired the K98 and Mosim in real-life and I can tell you the game does a good job of replicating their noise.The controls are easy to get used to and are not overly complicated.It's a game that I can recommend to anyone, no matter how good or bad they are at FPS games.It is not a 'easy' game, but it is not hard to get into, after about 10 hours you should know the role of each class and most of the camping spots on more popular maps.It's also a good game to give your grandpa to remind him of his experiences in World War 2. 'Better than the 3rd Reich'                   6,000,000/10                             -Adolf 'Memedolf' Hitler
Well its fun, but the lack of server in Australia really made me sad. But if you live in Europe and USA you shuld have servers galore.But sorry fellow Australians, there are no Australian servers :(
One of the best FPS's I have ever played.If you enjoy a competitive enviorment and FPS games, this one is for you.It is still a bit hard to get used to it, but after about 2-3 hours of shooting heads, you will certanly improve.If you have played other counter-strike games, like CS:S or CS:1.6, you will soon find that CS:GO is simmilar but a bit different. I reccoment you all shuld give it a try.Positives*A lot easier to get into*Easy to run on any newer office PC (I have a i7 4770k and GTX980, and I get 300fps)*Decent community*Caring developers and publishers*Large community*Good graphics*SKINSNegatives* 64-tick offical servers.
It is a great game, but its not so noob friendly. For the first few hours I could not get a kill.But now after 11 hours I am pretty good at getting headshots.This is a great game, so I think you should try it when a free weekend pops up.-Boom, HeadShot-                     -FPSdough
Many will call it the wet dream of a wallet warrior, and I can certanly see their point.But this game is fun and has a fresh concept. This makes worth a try and the best part is...ITS FREE.
-Joins game-Grabs cash-Kills cops-Get away car arrives-Host leaves game-All progress lost10/10
Rust is a survival game in which you must gather resources and craft items in order to survive. But sadly there is an element of human interaction which can be both friendly or hostile. You will soon find that everyone is HOSTILE. I do not know why but other players rarely if ever show reciprocity. It is quite demeaning to spend 2 hours building a base and crafting for it to just get destroyed by rage-kids with rocket launchers. This game has a nice concept, despite its good intentions, other players are a large error factor which ruins a good game.  I am displeased at best by this game, it runs terribly on a GTX980 with a lot of frame dips. After doing some research I found that it is poorly optimised for most newer systems. So if you have a 980, 970, 780, 770 you will not be able to run this game as smoothly as you should.   I am very disappointed by this game, it is a good game but the players are the most unlikeable ♥♥♥ holes you will ever encounter. Most players kill other players just because they are unable to defend themselves. I can only imagine those trigger happy players and anti-social sociopath with little empathy and respect for others work and effort. I do not blame the developer for the players, but I blame him (the developer) for the poor optimization.   To summarise; This game runs poorly on $1895 PC's The players are malevolent vindictive bullies with no respect for others Its overpriced and over rated. It makes my blood boil with rage.  DO NOT BUY UNLESS YOU WISH TO GET ANNOYED BY ARROGANT SOCIO PATHS. Update The performance issues have been resolved, but the comunty is still ♥♥♥♥♥ed!
Update: Some features were fixed, however I would still wait for full release.Way too expensive, for how glitchy it is...I would recomment buying it when its out of alpha.The Co-op mode does not allow you to save, so once you leave all of your hard work is gone.Ladders and ropes that you climb are  also involved in a lot of delicate ♥♥♥♥ery if you want to use them without killing yourself. The game needs more polish, and I would not buy it untill either the beta or its full release.Update: Some features were fixed, however I would still wait for full release.I tried to play coop on 20/03/2016, as of that date your are STILL unable to load save files, as such if you want to play with a friend you need to start from scratch every time.
A very fun Turnbased Strategy, I works well on pretty much any pc.It has great and addicting gameplay that will always keep you guessing.I have played it for over 60 hours and I still enjoy playing it on occasion, if has a lot of replay potential as every world will be different. The graphics are pretty and nice to look at.The only issiue I found was the learning cure, this is the firs Civ game I played so it took me some time to learn all the mechanics. But after a few hours amd some youtube videos I had most of it in the bag.In conclusion. It is a great game, and I see no reason for people not to try it.It is fun, has great gameplay and is a true challange on higher difficoulties.
It is a great game, very similar to World of Tanks and World of Warplanes.But this game has more detail and has both planes and tanks combined, I have played the game quite a bit and I can tell you that it is one of the best vehicular combat games on the market. It houses some exellent graphics and sound design.It is not hard to get into, and I LOVE this game, the best part is that it is not Pay to Win and yet its free.Pros:Good Graphics and soudNot pay to winVery funDetailed Has a great communtyCons:Yak-1 plane is overpowered.
