I loved this game. It was really fun with friends, I didn't even mind the microtransactions as much as other people though they are by far the worst point of the game.My problems started late 2015 when I started to realise that my hard drive was full. I do, like a lot of people, have a lot of other larger games installed so I checked them to see if that was pushing me over quota. They weren't. I then checked some of the smaller games, one of which was Payday 2. It now holds the record of being the largest game that i've ever installed, and since every new microtransa- I mean, 'update' they add puts another 5gb-9gb on my disk, I decided to uninstall.The microtransactions, while I didn't find them irritating at first, now they are holding the game down. The GOTY edition helped, but 'helping' a problem and 'fixing' a problem are two different things. On a 75% off sale, the DLC is $33. Unacceptable. Don't get me wrong though, this is a fun game, and I've sunk 257 hours into messing around with mates as a result of that. But the things that turned us away from this game are the over-priced microtransactions, the high file size and repeated broken promises made by the lying developers that we used to trust and respect.
Its good, I can see its appeal. Its easy to learn, its got a lot of content, its cheap (i got my copy for $1).Do I like it? Not personaly.Do I reccommend it? Absolutely yes. You could either open 2 cases or buy this game. For those who like this type of game, its a trick question. GG
TL;DR at the bottom of the page.The graphics are a major upgrade to KF1, not the main point of the game but still nice to have none the less. The gameplay to my knowledge hasn't been changed much, and thats not a bad thing. Solid and addictive gameplay mixed with the graphical upgrade makes for an even better game then KF1.Even though this game is great, its unfinished. My personal favorite class from KF1, the Sharpshooter, isn't avalable yet in KF2. There are also other classes that are new to the game that havn't been implomented yet like the gunslinger that I badly want to try, but sadly they arn't avalable yet. Hopefuly there will be a update soon that adds in new classes, and a haloween sale so I can buy cheaper.TL;DR:Is the game good? Absolutly 100% yes.Is it worth $30? Debatably yes, depends on the date and upcoming sales.Would I reccommend it for $30? Absolutly, but again, this depends on the person.Will I buy it for $30? No, but only because haloween is right around the corner (review written on 24 of oct) and im hoping it'll go on sale.
LiEat is an example of a game done properly. I absolutely love it. The artsyle is charming, the music sets the scene nicely and the story, while sometimes lacking, is overall extremely well written. The one complaint I have with these three games (yes, you get three games for $3), is that they are too short. I completed them all in under 4h, and then proceeded to re-play the games a few times to get all the achievements, and for my own personal enjoyment. Fantastic value for the price of a chocolate bar, it's too bad that Miwashiba will not make any more of these. LiEat IV is a light novel that you can find with a google search, but Miwashiba stated that she won't make any more games. It's just too bad that such a fantastic developer doesn't want to make any more. I would buy any LiEat game in a heartbeat.
This little, extremely inexpensive arcade game is worth the entire $3 I spent on it. In all seriousness, this game has been with me for a while and I have gifted it to a few people in an attempt to get the highest score between all of us, not an easy task. This game combines addictive chiptunes with BRUTAL gameplay that will make you want to smash your head into your keyboard, then pick up the remains and stab it. Multiple times. Who ever thought surviving one minute could be so difficult? Obviously not me!Pros:-Addictive gameplay-Competitive gameplay for the highest score in your group-Great soundtrack-Wonderful color palette (in my oppinion)Cons:-Too short-Once the patterns are memorized it becomes significantly easier-I only find myself playing for about 30-40min at a timeRating: 8/10. Easily one of the best and cheapest arcade -compete for a high score- games I have in my library to date.
