I was only lv 4. Bow in hand, I was sneaking up on Valtheim Towers. The one bandit guard lazily gazed at a cliff face. I snuck closer. Suddenly, the bandit yells out; -I-'m going to enjoy looting your corpse!-My heart stops. Have I been seen? Will she cut me up?She runs away from me. Before I can react, the locked doors burst open. An orc sprints out, sword in hand, and he yells;-I-'m going to enjoy counting your coin!-He sprints off in the same direction as the bandit guard. I sneak up on the tower- the doors spread wide open- and peek around the corner out of curiosity. The two bandits are on one side of the river, shouting threats; on the other side, a lone rabbit, busy not caring in the slightest about what-'s happening. There-'s a third bandit, an archer, on the ridge above the rabbit. He fires arrow after arrow, missing every time. I slowly sneak into the tower, dismantling every trap and carefully checking for loot. I finally arrive on the bridge. From below, I hear a shouted threat; the rabbit is still alive- but not for long. After a solid ten minutes of being all talk, one of the bandits is finally swimming across the river to finish off the rabbit and take its phat loot. She corners the rabbit, and with a quick slice, it-'s over. She begins swimming back to her post. I pull out my bow.With the bandit in my sights, I release an arrow. -This is for the bunny...- I whisper.In slow motion, the arrow arcs majestically through the air towards the bandit. Boom, right in the heart. In the middle of the river. Her body floats over a waterfall.10/10 GOTY
11/10, best explosions, most 'merica, broest forcesUPDATEWindows 8 changed my silky smooth framerate to one that made me very sad. Windows 8 optimisation is poor at the moment. Still fun at lower resolutions, though, although the ridiculous violence is slightly fuzzy.
If anything, this game is worth it for the fantastic theme song.
I was expected a game about architecture. If you've played And Yet It Moved, this game is very similar.
This is a very short game. It's not about the challenge, but rather about the feeling of exploration. I feel like this game fulfils the idea that every old house has secret passages and ghosts, despite the lack of ghosts. It's also a lot more subtle than I would expect from a game. 8/10 very short but very good
it's free and features some pretty challenging puzzles. It's written like the original Valve title, which is to say very well. The voice acting is top notch as well. +1
it's not very long, but it is very good
