It's a good game, mechanics seem solid and the players are good (Depending on where you go, ofcourse). Only problem I have with the game is that it runs like ♥♥♥♥ on slower machines, compared to other games like Rust.
Well, I don't have much to say about the game. The North American shut down, leaving only European servers. As an Australian, I rarely, if ever, get a stable connection to Europe. i.e, I can't play the game at all. I can't even launch it.EDIT: I managed to get into the game. It looks okay, loading time is a little long for what the game looks like. But that's okay. I managed to get into a match, even with enough people in the queue I think they were all AI's, they had first/last names. Maybe the playerbase is just weird. The big problem was aforementioned connection issues. I couldn't do anything, Moving was constant rubber banding between where I started and where I was trying to move to.Don't get me wrong, it looks like a decent game. I'd play this. But I can't recommend it with such atrocious servers, and not even having servers for everyone else. If there were North American servers, i'd recommend this game.
It's a pretty good game, not bad for the 49 cents I got it for. Although I do have some issues with it, a few of the enemies feel badly designed, and the projectiles (Or the hitbox) are bigger than they look. Especially the unkillable ones that take up 80% of the screen/completely block your bullets.
Buy it. Support it. It's awesome. I will find you if you don't.^ Kek, what an old report.Personally I think you shouldn't play this game, although it might get better in a few years.I bought this game as soon as it came out, I bought the founders two pack. It was fun, pretty buggy, but it was full of promise. Skip forward a few years later. The game is worse. Lets talk about starting the game. The game is slow to start. Starting a game will take just as long, and when you get into the game itself, prepare for unoptimized slowness. The game runs terribly, is riddled with bugs and the devs generally don't add any new content. If this was developed by a good indie team, or an AAA team (Oh, did i forgot to mention they fired several people who worked at Bioware, and hired some scrubs?), it would be amazing. The concept is great, I would have really looked forward to this game shining, but the devs are horrible. I do not recommend this game.
