This is a great and very fun game. It allows you to build what you want, without goals or achievements, by your self or with a group of friends in sandbox. I mainly play Trouble in Terrorist town, where one or more players are selected as traitors to hunt down the innocents and detectives, who are try to hunt them down.But there are many more game modes you will enjoy, like Murder, Prop Hunt, Zombie Survival and many more.Garry's Mod is definitely worth your money and time, so go get it now.Score - 9/10
Get ready for hackers, trollers, derankers, smurfs, ragers, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s and more ragers. Besides that a fun game for the whole family.You can waste your money on worthless skins then bet them to win or lose. Ty CSGO Lounge. But still great game, definitely should buy!Also a lot of enjoyable comments by people who enjoy raging and clearly have something wrong in their lives. :) -You are so ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥, go get a life.- 10/10
Team Fortress 2 is a fantastic game. It has many types of maps/game modes for players to play on, weapons for players to find and use, hats/miscs/cosmetics for players to equip to their mercenaries/classes. It is a game based on team work and skill, which allows the tide of a battle to change.If you don't enjoy the battling part, you can become a premium and trade with other members. This will help with your bargaining/negotiating skills in real life.So what are you waiting for. Download this game now. It's fun, strategic, unique and definitely worth your time.Score - 9/10
I may have not played Awesomenauts for long, so I'm not as experienced. But straight away I found this game quite fun and very simple. After the tutorial you will learn everything you need and everything else is simple enough to work out.It is a game full of strategy and team work between the players on how to push the enemy back or how to destroy each of their turrents.Each character you unlock is unique. They have their own weapons/attacks and upgrades.This is a fun game to play by your self or with friends. I recommend you try it out.Score - 8/10
