Based in an apocalyptic world of steam and bronze, brave warriors fight each other in great flying ships armed with the best weaponry this world has to offer, at the steering is Captain Chris 'Cow' Centipede? Who is probably the best pilot we will allow on our ship because match making makes our team feel bad. Head of Engineering and most beautiful of Elves, Lunar. Armed with a mallet and weird hammer thing that makes everything glow ♥♥♥♥ colour, with the most ridiculous fashion sense since King Fashion VI. She runs around screaming most of the time.Abandons ship as soon as danger is seenThe gunner, scrub-runner MC 'Underscore' Oneal usually helps out with engineering or piloting when Chris has the AFK sickness. Also one to scream a lot.Finally there is Ted, Ted doesn't speak much and his class and voice seems to change a lot, usually question our tactics but gets the job relatively done. Nobody likes Ted. So yeah, Guns of Icarus Online is fairly good and would recommend running around screaming a lot.
Gonna buy this for a friend to show them how crap this game is... Should be fun
It's alright, used to love this but hype has died immensely. Still recommended
0/10 too much boston
This War of Mine is another game that has come out in recent times that is an absolute gem, along with this and Besiege there are at least SOME games that are being made and developed that are utterly amazing, this was my favourite game of 2014, and I'd recommend it to anyone, even if this isn't your 'genre' of game. GET IT, wait for a sale if you must, I feel like this should be a game played by everyone at least once. It will really show the horrors and mistakes that war brings. Couple flaws with it obviously, such as replayability, personally, I like to set myself challenges now I know the grips of this game, whenever I feel like playing it, I think of something to do, could be boring for some but I still find the game playable. Like my most recent 'challenge' was to stay inside for as long as I could, just buying and selling materials. Obviously didn't last very long as traders come in a blue moon, but it was still interesting to watch food/water/supplies begin to dwindle and the reactions I would give when traders eventually did show up. [Then when they had nothing I needed]As the trailer says, there are things I've done in this game I'm not proud of and would like to think that it's only a game that brings out such a side that steals from elderly because I needed food so badly.. But this game, this.. Experience, is something that really does bring out human nature. Whatever choices you make, just experience This Little War of Mine...
was fun for awhileeven with magic and different races it gets boring quicklywill play more when elves get added
it gr8 i r8 8/8
a ♥♥♥♥ing masterpieceplay it
not enough goats 0/10
