this game is great, its like one massive nostalgia trip although its not as good as AVP2 its still a fun game (even better with redux mod). With 3 unique campaigns taking controll as a Predatior, Alien or my personal favorite Marine in a thilling experience to escape, hunt or survive. All the races have different playstyles that you have to master to become one of the greats. Graphic wise the game looks pretty dated (duh) with the having out of place cutscenes looking like they were shop with a buget of like $10 but the game makes up for it in the gameplay and bits of the sound department. The multiplayer is what you would expect with a bunch of maps and game modes with the best maps being LV426 and the Meat Factory and game modes being just the classic Spieces team deathmatch and the survival mode. Overall its pretty dated but still a fun ride, if you see it giv it a go. 70%
I found this game so much fun when i first played it, But..... it aint that great of a game considering a big lack of content in the campaigns. marine starts pretty good same with alien but the predator campaign is the worst, they could have done soo much more with all of them and the last few levels are just unfun. I found most enjoyment from the campaigns out of loving the aliens movie and the universe. the multiplayer is where the game really shines in my opinion with alot of game modes to choose from and some pretty good maps, my favorite is survivor but with the 2 maps the game comes with its gonna get old pretty fast (without the dlc). grab some friends and have alot of fun but if they make a new one they have to stop blaming weyland yutani for EVERYTHING!!!! if you want a good multiplayer experience with really good graphics, excellent lighting, great sound and perfect atmosphere this is your game. 60%P.S new Marine futuristic design is awesome
God! this is such a rushed piece of ♥♥♥♥. Don't Buy It!
if your buttcheeks are still sore from gearbox given you five across the ♥♥♥ for being an aliens fan. GET THIS GAME!!!!!!
WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS HAPPENING!!!!!!!!!!!
Let me keep this short. Singleplayer good and multiplayer bad.
One of the funnest FirstPerson Shooters you will ever play.   8/10
I was waiting for this game since 2008 and put as much god damn money on it as i could. Ever since i was a kid i loved Aliens and could not wait for this -masterpiece- of a game to hit the shelves. Then it did came out, played the game for ages, got to level 60, finished the story mode on ultimate badass and tried to get all the achievements on xbox. And i hated it, i thought it was a broken piece of Sh*t. Then Alien Isolation came out and it showed me there is still hope for a great Aliens game, even though it wasnt my game (on the count that i wanted to kill the xeno not run away) I could see how it would be fun, and then i just stoped playing it. I heard that Acm was better on PC than on xbox and that you could mod it, so i got it and had fun in multiplayer and some game modes Escape and TDM. Story is Still Sh*t with them having weyland yutani blamed for everything because they are too brain dead to think of a compelling narrative but the multiplayer can be fun, but since the matchmaking is broken there is basicly no reason to play it and if you see it on store shelves give it a pass. Rating 30%
