So... You crashed your plane. You absolute ♥♥♥♥ up... Well atleast you have your son... No you don-'t he-'s gone too... What do you do? Well you grab the axe out of that womens stomach and eat all the food on the plane and get going to find your son. First you need to establish a base. Build up them walls nice and high so the Mutants won-'t get to you... Well except for the one with like 100 Arms but don-'t worry about that. Then you need to find the keycards.. Adventure to a cave, find the place where bones are everywhere. Dodge that guy with 100 arms and there will be a dead person with a keycard. Grab that ♥♥♥♥ and get out of there. Ok you got everything you need. See that deep hole? Go down it. Yeah right down in there. There is a big man made door. Open it with the keycard.-You can-'t do that yet--Why?--Its not added in.--Ah ♥♥♥♥--Besides this is a review not a guide--Oh....-The Forest, a place of Cannibal Mutants with no ♥♥♥♥♥, run around surviving and beating the wild with all your strength. With you being a famous survivor and Timmy, your son, being a dumbass, you can conquer The Forest... With endless updates (Really updates are like every 2 weeks its awesome). Just play with a friend because that ♥♥♥♥♥ scary.Hope this review helped. Buy this game because its good.
Is your computer BAD? Do you want the best games but your computer can't handle it? Well this games for you! Its basically DayZ and Minecraft squished together! So if your computer can't hold DayZ, Come on down and try this! Loot towns! Build bases! Fight the Zombies that are everywhere! Yes everywhere even above you... Wait no that was a lie. * Continues *. This is endless fun! Play with your friends if your to scared to fight the little zombies. Except for the one behind you! Wait that was a lie again.. Well then, what are you waiting for? Download this game right now and then play it then get Gold Upgrade then have endless fun and oh by the way theres a zombie behind you to your left.. Wait that was a lie. Or was it...Lets end this. This is a brilliant game and you should get it if you love DayZ but can't handle it on your CP. Goodbye!
Alright so this game is, amazing. Alot of people say it copied ARK but you're wrong. Anyways to a review -The game is awesome, so many things to do great with friends, everything you really need. There is a downside though that really hurts the community in AustraliaNo AUS servers. They may be coming soon but at the moment, I go on it regularly just to see if its had an update for AUS servers. I would still recommend picking it up if its on sale (Atleast 25%) and play with friends on a local hosted server.I give it a thumbs up, but if you're in Australia, don't bother unless you are a singeplayer person, stand high ping or if its atleast 50% off.~Hope this helped
This game.. Its fricken Amazing. If you want to be the badass, you play this game. Wild Western Themed with Intense gameplay. Your enemies arn't Flies, They're people, you can't just squash them, They go down with a fight. You may think this game is 2ez4u, but trust me, try it, and you will think differently. This game is the one that you come to when there is nothing to play, the MEGA DOWNFALL is that, its community is dead, there is only about 12 people on. I sat on that game, for 20 minutes on computer, and there was not a single player. On PS4 its alive with a community. We just need more players and you will realise that this game is fun, and not some stoopid game that no one plays. We need just 1 thing to push it up to the surface, and reach 100players at the least, so we can show people this game is awesome!                                                 So lets notify our friends, to tell their friends to tell their friends, to get this game..
Do you like d*cks? I mean, do you like to survive? Do you have the skills TO survive? If you think you do, Buy this game! Muck around with Creative Servers, Test your skills with PVP servers and survive on survival servers. With tones of gamemodes, its endless fun! Grab some friends, make a team, raid the unraidable, and claim your team the best! This only on rust. For $20.00 its worth every cent, so buy it and kick some d*ck. I mean, butt! Warning: Many Nude Survivors
Amazing game to play/muck around with your friends. Tones of gamemodes, unlimited things to do, and just great fun!
This game is AMAZING if you like space, and Terraria! its exactly that.This game is fun Single player and multi player!Fight with your friends to defeat evil penguins! -.-Yes the game is that awesome...Highly reccommended!
Terraria is a awesome game once you get to know what your doing. $9.99 is a good price since its very popular and fun! People say its like minecraft but really its not. Theres thousands of more things to do in terraria then minecraft. I totally recommen this and you should give it a try! Its got online to play with friends and everything! Theres also thousands of youtube videos to help you! TerrariaHelp And Hero are both very popular on this game! Please, Give terraria a try. All i gotta say is, Brilliant made game!
Awesome game, but still has its pros and cons.Pros:Extremely flexibleAlot of things to doOK with friendsA proper zombie survival gameCons:If you have 3+ players on a steam hosted server, bugs such as disconnecting, mouse cursor disappearing etc. will come into effectNot the easiest thing to learn. I had to learn from a youtuber (Kage848)Still alot of room for improvementOverall a great game, but I would wait for a sale (Atleast 25% off) to get it.Hope this helps decide if you want this or not!
This game is amazing! Its nothing like the ' Call Of Duty ' because its more realistic. Great to play with friends. You may think this game is a little bit to easy, because your a *COD player. But no this is 10x harder then expected. Shooting games don't get as realistic as this.All the *CS games have all been good, but this one is more intresting because of the things you can get. 1 Downside of this game is that camos/skins cost alot of money.I really reccommend this game, so if you see it on sale, fricken buy it!! :3* COD - Call Of Duty* CS - Counterstrike
