Good for people that like to mash themselfs endlessly againsts waves of enemies, quite the time sink and somedays there are just better players than you and it becomes quite like sandpapering your face.Good thing is when you are getting mashed into the ground there are always different battles going on elsewhere, even on a different continent if you want. Allows for many different playstyles and is quite fun till you meet a max crash xD
Absolutley Awesome, hehe assonance. But seriously this game rocked, tons of enemies (maybe not quite enough enemies) and lots of fun slashing through them. You get more combos and powers as you go but the game remains delightful the entire time. A slight gripe is that there are very few executions for each enemy, maybe 2 or 3, see how many you can string together.
An excelent game for someone who enjoys strategy games. The last 9 hours have been a blast. The controls were very intuitive and the interface easy to interact with. The second to last mission boggled me a bit but only because the boss has a bizzare amount of health and no indicator bar. The resource system is awesome with the abilty to upgrade your squad going into the missions by using the money earned in the last one being a fantastic idea. The need to balance your force between infantry and defenses is a great mechanic, being able to sell back the extra infantry dynamically when a more static defence is needed or hire more on the spot when you need to run to a defense makes the game playable in many different ways. If you are going to play then remember that  you can instantly sell any unit for a full refund of it's price. Also if you suddenly have a lot of money, it is probably because your defenses just got steamrolled. This game is definitely recommended
Would definately recommend to everyone who liked the AOE series, command and conquer or other large army type games. the monstrous scale of this game will be overwhelming for some and I would recommend playing the first game in the series (supereme commader) to get used to the unit trees and the scale. This game will never cease to amaze and entertain
This man knows what he is on about  Dexaldem The Exile-To avoid the previous madness emitted by others, look through this first. > http://robocraftgame.com/roboshield-and-eac-privacy-details/Don-'t join the Bandwagon, people.-absolutely brilliant game, well designed, vast amount of opportunities for extravagant design (it wont always work how you think it will, that hover craft gets pretty hard to fly when a blade gets shot off), redundancy is key and don-'t scrap ideas immediately just tinker or you might lose something special. The learning curve is rather steep but don-'t freak out, you are in teir 1 when you start for a reason. Get out there and grind some rp. Oh that-'s another fantastic thing, you will always get a reward for having a battle, even if three people with plasma cannons turn your tank into a seat with a wheel immediately, it is entirely play to win, you don-'t even have to win to win (winning helps though).Have fun and put up pics of those awesome creations on the forums
