I stole a pencil and the whole city started to kill me, so I blew it up 10/10
I love the fallout series. I was also extremelly hyped for this game. It-'s incredibly fun, but has its flaws.Pros:- Combat is no longer dull and boring- Wasteland is a good as ever- Addicting for the first day of playtime or so- Once you get the hang of settlement building its pretty fun- Companion quests are fun, as well as getting them all to romace/best friend status.- Power armour actually feels like power armour, not just a bad metal suit. Power armor modding is also worth the time. The mechanic is balanced by having to scavenge for fusion cores to keep your power armour functioning like how its meant to.- Voiced Protagonist: At first the voiced protagonist was hated, the game came out and people thought it was good, now people see it and think; eh. BUT IMO it does express the emotional tones this game wants to portray. When the character is meant to be angry, hes angry, sad, sad and etc. You can hear the emotion in the voice he or her is trying to portray. - Weapon modding is fun, and it does make a difference. But after a while it can become tedious.- Locations and map: The map is big enough is full of unique and interesting locations. One of my favourites is The Glowing Sea, where the atomic bomb was dropepd - Graphics: Personally, I think the graphics are just great but keep in mind I-'m running at ultra with 60fps. some people might differ from me.Cons:- Dialouge: At first i didn-'t think it was so bad, but now I see its a major flaw. You only get 4 choices, which are YES (good guy), NO (being a ♥♥♥♥), Sarcastic (Sometimes ♥♥♥♥ sometimes good) and question? Question is redundant because someone could tell you something about a topic or thing you already know a lot about, yet you still have the option to -  -?- Story: No matter what you do, you will end up with the same ending and story, regardless of your choices but slightly different (depending on the faction you side with will determine your slightly altered final mission battle ). No matter what you-'ll either be a good guy helping people, or a guy with an attitude. No matter what, the game will take you to the same place. The story also feels rushed and incredibly short. Withing your first 2 hours of story or so you-'re already thrown into power armor, when the other games took a long time to get you into it.  But atleast power armor makes a difference now. With 81 hours in i also cannot find any more side quests.- Replay Value: As mentioned above, the endings and story do not change significantly depending on choices you make. Don-'t expect multiple endings or storylines like New Vegas had, thats not here. Since the story never changes (just like war), it feels like there is no replay value besides changing genders, the game still would be boring doing the exact same thing.- NOT ME PERSONALLY, but bugs: A lot of people have reported bugs in their game, I haven-'t expierienced any but always keep that in mind.tl/dr: Most mechanics are improved, making the game really fun. But the story options and ending are just lackluster, when its predicesor new vegas showed how a fallout story line should go (that was developed by obsidian though, not bathesda). Its still worth a buy and play though. Hopefully DLC might fix some story issues, but at least it-'ll add more things to do as well as other stories to complete and areas to explore. I still very much reccommend playing it because its still a blast to play. 7/10FOLLOW UP:AFTER DLC:So, as you can see, my invested hours in the game has rissen since I wrote this review. My points have not changed dramatically but, I noticed that casual exploring invested me a little further into the game. But, DLC relies on my new playtime greatly. At the moment, there are 4 DLC-'s. I hate how most of our DLC-'s are monthly releases and focused on settlements. Before you say -Be greatful etc, youre getting DLC!- I personally don-'t believe, along with many others, that settlement building DLC is entirely worth the money into a season pass. Previously, in the older fallouts, DLC would take 2-3 months or so to release and would be story/location driven, making for incredibly fun quests and senarios. I would much prefer Bethesda to take their time developing more story/location based DLC-'s, rather than pumping out monthy DLC, with arguably 3.5/6 DLC-'s being settlement based.  These are the DLCS so far:Automation: Allows you to build companion/defense robots. I say this counts as settlement building because of the building element. This dlc has a quest accompanying it but its incredibly short, its closer to a linear side mission than anything. Robots are fun, but it gets old. 6.5/10Wasteland workshop: Build arena-'s, concrete structures and have settlers fight animals or each other. This dlc is ok, I-'d say its only worth it if you want a gorilla or deathclaw or another creature patrolling your settlement. Tbh, this feels more like a mod than DLC. Should be free, its good for concrete and creatures. Average, 5/10Far Harbor: This... This is what DLC should be. A brand new location, weapons story, side missions, interesting characters, locations and quests. This is arguably better than the main story due to all of the possible choices you can make within this DLC. This DLC is incredibly worth it and I pray to god Nuka world either succeed this or be on par. Definately a 8.5/10Contraptions: TBC *Seems alright I guess, idk what ill need a conver belt for. Also, elevators seem to be the only realisticly cool thing*Vault Building: TBC *Initial thoughts: the idea is cool, however it is basically fallout shelter in fallout 4. I dont really have a problem with it besides the fact it just doesnt make sence to me. This kinda seems like a gimmick, arguably building things is way to simple but wood and metal you can get away with. Just building vaults outta some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ materials just doesnt seem right to me*Nuka world:  TBC *Inital thoughts: New map, new story, with the option of being evil WITH an effect on the commonwealth?? Sign me up*MODS:Yeah, they basically improve the game to your liking. Can-'t say much else besides it more than likely will add a lot of hours to your playtime.
If you are a new to this game,  DO NOT BUY IT!  As a long time fan, me and many others have wasted countless amounts of money on this. I made the mistake of trusting Overkill (the devs), and even defending them and their overpriced DLC. I-'ve been blind to it but Overjew are drawing close to the greediness of EA, now, they ♥♥♥♥ed up. Every year in October we have -Crimefest- a time where a get a bunch a free stuff throught the month. The first update kicked off with a ♥♥♥♥ poor weapon rebalance, and the inclusion of microtransactions. You now get to open -safes- (cases) with -drills- (keys) for skins that not only are horrible, but alter gun stats as well (making it -Pay2Win-) when overkill promised at release that microtransactions will never exist in their game. Overkill also totally broke the use of mdos, gg overkill. A highly ambitious modder was FIXING overkills mistakes, has now had to be cancelled BECAUSE of this ♥♥♥♥ed up update. This game started as a serious fun crime shooter co op game, but has turned into a ridiculous unbalanced boring shooter co op game. Do not buy until overkill fix this. Payday 2? More like Pay2Win or Pay2Day. Fit it overkill, FIX IT!
This game is one of the best cyberpunk games you could play. A game that can suit your style of play: Going loud guns blazing? Stealthing around and doing as worst as knocking someone out. Or a mix of both. The story is great but can sometimes be hard to follow, but the big things stick. If you buy the directors cut BE VERY WEARY, the game crashes and freezes constantly if you are running on DirectX11 for some odd reason. If you can put up with it, ill recommend getting it, but if you can't, maybe spend your money on a different game. But know this... You'll be missing out on a lot. 7/10
Ok so, like most people I didn't think much of this game I only bought it because i heard it was good. But to my surprise I was up from 12am to 3am playing it. This game has so much posibilites for stories, dont always follow the main path, take the right door or go turn on the mind controll machine. So many outcomes and endings, secrets and easter eggs this game couldn't be finished in 100 hours of gametime!
Whey hey, I got a new complaint, f(u)cking overkill DLC's. You dumb Mufakas keep buying into their ♥♥♥♥, lol keep wasting your money sheepies :) I made that mistake long ago and Ill never go back. I understand if you have PD:TH wolf pack thats cool, you didnt decide to have this one but if you bought it congratulations, you played yourself. Go f(u)ck yourself overkill, keep bleeding out your last remaining veteran fans who have stuck with you and defended you, just so you can convince easily impressionable 12 year olds with steam accounts, that all the overpriced DLC you put into it is worth it.
This game is an almost perfect zombie FREE ROAM survival RPG, yes I said RPG! Almost perfect is that you can be bitten and scratched and recover then the next time you go down, you get ripped in half, you cant really get infected. Anyway, you take the roal (for a little while) who came back from a fishing trip with his friend Ed. When they return they notice that people are turning to cannibalism, but later realise the zombie -Walker- apocalypes is among them. They find 4 survivors and do some tutorial missions and they die, you find another survivor, a radio and go to to a church full of survivors. When you make friends at your camp, you can switch to them and gather more recorces. If you are a fan of zombie games/movies/tv I HIGHLY recommend this.
