............FLYING............MUSIC............EXPLOSIONS............RECKLESS DRIVING............STUFF most of it SHINYNeed I say more?
2nd Verse same as the 1st....but with MORE levels, another well rounded soundtrack and beautiful new challenging levels that make you say...-COME ON DAMNIT I HAD THAT...I FREAKING HAD THAT.-(From 1st Game) This surprisingly simple game decieves you...it lures you in -Come play me,- it says -Only for a few minutes it won-'t take long.-...8 hours later you have blisters, have slammed your face against buildings countless times. Gotten one or two -'5-' star levels and are swearing that JUST ONE MORE TRY and you-'ll BEAT THIS ONE LEVEL.....the music is to die for by the way, I WISH I could buy the OST.
This surprisingly simple game decieves you...it lures you in -Come play me,- it says -Only for a few minutes it won-'t take long.-...8 hours later you have blisters, have slammed your face against buildings countless times. Gotten one or two -'5-' star levels and are swearing that JUST ONE MORE TRY and you-'ll BEAT THIS ONE LEVEL.....the music is to die for by the way, I WISH I could buy the OST.
A fun, colourful blast of intense PVP action that soothes you with a chill and blitzing soundtrack even as you curse the existences of thost that dare to stand against you and your rise to glory.Make sure you have good internet though, or else you'll be left wondering what killed you and why the match is already over.
I have played this game and bought it twice now, once on steam and once on drm free gog (for when I travel) I love the game, its simple yet has the bite of challenge (suicidally so) that makes me want to not give up for just one more go.its graphics are crisp, its music both soft and engaging and hell free expansion THANK YOU.This game is what happens when developers treat their clients with respect and give them what they asked for and they deserve EVERY bit of positive feed back they get.
Whilst at first I intentionally held off from purchasing this game (as many of my friends did not have it and the fact that its prior incarnation decided to wipe itself of save files several times) I decided to take the plunge into Borderlands 2 when two other friends decided to purchase it during a steam sale. Since then there has been no regret to buying this product, the graphics have greatly improved, the gameplay is tighter and faster paced and the humour is nearly original Portal level in my opinion with lots of clever quips and references that you have to really see and search for.There is one thing however that must be though of when purchasing this, make sure you have a friend to play it with because as with any game that requires a bit of grinding a friend goes a long way to seperating boredom from adventures into hilarity.A geniunely good game if you do not mind the occasional What the Heck!!!! moments from enemies.
It has plenty of hair tearing moments, beautifully rendered maps and chilling monster zombies.FREAKING A!
