Like every game it will have its Pro and its Cons, Its Up and its Downs and whatever equals Positive and Negative. Bleed is a small 2d platformer where you control the character known as Wryn who wants to become the Greatest Hero of All Time but the heroes have already been chosen so you have to go and kill them and take you rightfull place. It is also a fast-paced action platformer which involves loads of bullets and enemies being thrown at you while you while having bullet time and control over your character at which in no point in time is trying to screw you over. The Game also and upgrades and weapons that you can purchase with points by playing the levels.With everything but the kitchen sink coming towards your general direction it can be quite difficult trying to avoid it and you will die quite a bit at the start (Either I just suck or I-'m telling the truth) but unlike most games where it insults you for dying, it doesn-'t really do it in Bleed, Infact half the time Wryn is actually conforting me for my loss saying things like -Don-'t worry we-'ll get them next time-The Bullet time mechanic is really quite neat and helpful and also quite balanced. There is a separate bar for bullet time: Using it in short bursts will allow it to recharge a little and you will be able to use it again, Use it untill the bar goes to zero and you will have to wait untill it refills again to use bullet time once more and that could involve getting hurt when you needed it the most.I-'ve also noticed the game is very generous in check points meaning it will not send you to the very beginning of that room or level, it-'s as if the developer knew that it might be a tad bit difficult on players. Now I can-'t really explain how it all works but just play the game and you will see what I mean.The soundtrack in this game is fantabolus (yes I purposely did that) there is not a single song that I didn-'t like. It fits in with the enviroment it is placed in and it has that old school 8-bit feel to it, especially the boss music.There is also Co-op in this game, I don-'t anyone else to play with so yea :C but I had a look on youtube and it-'s quite nice. Still don-'t know how it works but it looks good.I have no complaints about this game: It has great fulid control, awesome soundtrack, fast-paced gameplay, a good challenge and a good price. There is however one thing that I am not fond of and that is the length of the game. while there are other things like arcade, challenge mode and other difficulties to play on, I just find this game to be a little to short and could have been better game than what is already was but hey, don-'t let that stop ya from buying this game cuz it is worth the price.In conclusion I think that this is a great game to play and I had fun every single second of it and for 4.99 Its worth it all the way.........Well what are you waiting for? Go buy it already!
Super Team Fortress Combat: Global OffensiveThat doesn't force you to spend your real-life moneyand really fun
This is as close as I'm going to get in regards to have Scott Pilgrim vs the World on PC. That being said Phantom Breaker is its own game and what a fun game it is.It's a beat-em up game with anime-like characters and awesome chip-tune music. The Game can be a bit repetive for some but I love it none the lessPros: -Music-Characters: really fun to use and you can unlock more of them in storymode-2D graphics look gourgeous-Gameplay-Stages are really nice.-Multiplayer (haven't really tested it since at the moment its only local at the moment)-Skill Point system-Lengthy: not one of those games you can really complete in one day.-Making combos is awesome.Middlepoint-Later enemies are reskins of previous ones but they have their differences and look interesting. Not just some palette swap-Controls and mechanics are a bit confusing in how they work but it's enough to have fun with.-The Storymode for a single character can go on for a bit, not to long but your hands will get a tad bit tired afterwards.- The game tends to bunch a crapload of enemies into one room and with the weird guarding mechanic working only for some attacks it can get a bit difficult. Still you should enjoy beating the hell out of them with combos.- The Story is bloody confusing for these characters. Either way still interesting.Cons-Remember when I spoke about the whole controls and mechanics thing. Yea some attacks it will block but for bigger guys or stronger attacks dodging it is very hard. Not to mention dodging itself is difficult and you can be beaten the crap out of by enemies. -You will find later on these weird blue/red ball enemies that have these tape claws or something. The mechanics make it either very difficult or impossible to avoid their attacks. That might just be me but its annoying none the less.-You better have a Controller for this because this is one of those games where the PC keyboard inputs are placed in weird places, The control help shows a console controller and you can not change the inputs at all. So yea, Have fun.-Difficulty Spikes on these bosses go up quite a bit and with the confusing mechanics. It can be difficult.As you can see this game has quite flaws but don't let that stop you. I had a lot of fun playing this and with the online mode being annouced recently, maybe soon I'll have friend to play with. It's my kind of game. maybe not to all, but at least to me. Though I would recommend buying it when it goes on sale like what I did.Overall I think the game gets a 7/10. Not the best but no where near bad at all. Bad is not a word you would describe this game with. (maybe the controls but I digress)
I could make a lengthy review on how I love this hack and slash game but I'll just sum up what I think of it in one go.I got to destroy an entire army by myself with awesome combos.but no online multi.9.9/10
While being extremely short (it was most likely intentional) it's.... actually quite good. you do nothing but fly upwards but its quite dramatic and very interesting.I kinda like it.
