Cave Story is a amazing game.It has - A fantastic narrative- Beautiful Music- Powerful Gamplayand the best thing charm and originality.the average score for the game is 8.5/10and if you think about it thats not bad especially for a game that was made by one man.if your sceptical you can download the original version (freeware) of the game here: http://www.cavestory.org/download/cave-story.phpthe difference is the options in the +version. Cave Story+ has 3 soundtracks, improved graphics, difficulty selection, challenge missions and of course achievements. this version is the definitive version of cave story you have the option to customise cave story how ever you like from choosing one of three versions of the soundtrack changing the graphics and the difficulty level to your liking.Cave Story+ I give a 9/10 just play it already 
When games become a expirience it exceeds all expectation and fairness.UNDERTALE is a innovative JRPG with a lot of heart and love. The concept of UNDERTALE is the battle system. The battle system spins the generic overused reference of a battle system which was pioneered by Final Fantasy and makes it ironic. In UNDERTALE you have the ability to talk with your enemies instead of fighting them. This leads into some very interesting gameplay that never gets old. Trying to find the correct option to talk them out of battle is puzzle like and you feel very accomplished when you advance the battle through talking. If talking isn-'t your thing you can slash your enemies to death just like every other JRPG out there. The game-'s charm is just heartwarming, its filled with so many things that can make you laugh, make you  determined, make you disturbed by the occasional chilling atmosphere, it-'s litterally a rollercoaster of many different emotions. The little secrets and references show how effort went into this, these secrets didn-'t even have to be in the game but they are there and adds so much heart. The story has a simple setting of you are a human child who falls down into the underground where its filled with monsters who have been banished there by humans. It-'s a simple story and the opening prologue resembles that of a NES game but the plot darkens and goes even further beyond. Apparently UNDERTALE-'s main inspiration is Earthbound (Mother) and for a person who has not played Earthbound can definitely see it the graphics. The music is GOD LIKE its all catchy and atmospheric, its a real highlight of the game.IN CONCLUSIONUNDERTALE is a  short innovative expirience that can touch your heart with its charm, and is worth the $10 PLS PLAY IT.If I had any problems with it, it would be it-'s length. Its about 5-11 hour game depending on what you know, and the world could have been so much more then the very limited amount of locations. But this minor -dislike- gets ruled out when you realise its an Indie game that was mostly made by one Toby Fox so of course the game isn-'t going to be huge.anyway just click add to cart and play.
This game looks to have some multiplayer potential as in the fun.But when you cant connect to a game to play with good friends and have to attempt to do all this complicated ♥♥♥♥ I say screw this game.looks fun but wont work and playing it alone sounds horrible.Fix hosting services please.then i will play review this game again.
