Civilization V might just be the most addictive videogame I have ever played. The allure of building a civilization from nothing to a global superpower is one that nobody can resist. The game's political and militaristic intrigue is more absorbing than anything else you'll find on Steam, and for a game that doesn't even have a predetermined story that is saying a lot. Its expansion packs are more than just glorified DLC; they actually add heaps of extra depth and possibilities to every session. This game will chow down on your free time like Atilla chows down Ancient era cities.Civ V will ruin your life, but you will not give a single ♥♥♥♥.
Trackmania's uniquely in-depth track creator and rule-of-cool physics could have added up to a great game, but the community has utterly killed it.I was sold by the demo servers. The tracks were interesting and varied, the atmosphere was one of friendly competition, and even if you lost you still had fun trying to beat your own time. So you buy the game, open the server list and pick the first one that isn't plain black text.And then it all comes tumbling down.Half the screen is filled with needless leaderboards, ugly buttons that don't do anything and other pointless bells and whistles. The other half of the screen is a horrifically complex track you'll be lucky to beat even once. Most of the time they're so horrifically cluttered that you need to drive off the track and let a replay show you the path, and that still won't help because the map is 60 seconds of madness and you only have 5 minutes to beat it.If this were the game the demo claimed it would be, I would wholeheartedly recommend it. But if you're a newcomer to the series who likes the demo version, just keep playing it instead of wasting your money on a game that's been mutated in a demonic, unforgiving shell of its former self.
If you're expecting a game with hours of content, shift your expectations. Don't lower them, shift them. Instead of expecting a game with things in common with another game, expect one of the most unique adventures ever displayed on an LCD monitor. Expect a game that requires you to think in ways most videogames don't even think of. Expect a game with more intelligence than every brainless FPS combined. Expect a game that constantly surprises you, a game which isn't afraid to send you hurtling into confusion.Most importantly, expect nothing. Go into this game with no prejudices, no preconceived notions, no prior knowledge at all.Or maybe this game would be better if you expected pirates. Who knows? Who knows anything, really?
Source Filmmaker is a tool that requires hours of investment and a willingness to learn before you can make anything remotely watchable in it. Even though it's still miles more user friendly than most professional 3D animation software, those looking for a tool with the pick-up-and-useability of Garry's Mod will be sorely disappointed.Also, if your computer uses a 720p monitor, don't even bother. It's not worth the hassle.
Garry's Mod on its own is a dull piece of software, with very little to do, very little to do it in and very little to do it with. However, thanks to an incredibly strong and diverse modding community, Garry's Mod is one of the most versatile and fastest growing games ever. If you buy this game, you WILL find something to do with it.
Thirteen years on and this game is still the best at what it does best. Online players can be quite inhospitable to new players, but watch an online tutorial and you'll fit in just fine.
It's Audiosurf One, except it's bigger, prettier, wider and all-around better. Even in its current unfinished state, this game is massively recommended to those of you with a large digital music library.
