Awesome game! They have really done a massive comeback from Rome 2!I love this game, its great fun!
I got this game as soon as it came out. And for a while I couldn't even play it! D: I did however enjoy it when it was still going through the patchs, and before. It was dissapionting. But now with the emperor edition, IT IS good and I do reckonmend it; with mods and the dlc's are all good and lots of fun, and also give you the best experience. Try it out yourself. It is a great game, in one of my Favourite series; I do love this game. Thanks for reading :) Enjoy!
Great game! With am endless amount of awesome mods.Very much worth the money. It offers so much.
H&G is a great game, I would highly recconmend it. For one, its great for playing with friends. And the fact thats its FREE!!! :DSo deffently give it a go. I mean i'm loving it, but I guess you already know that just by looking at my hours! :PAnyway, so its a multiplayer game and its set in World War 2. So you have three avalible factions, which are The United Sates, Germany (duh), and the Soviet Union (Russia) you should know that the Soveits were the Russians :P. Duh!Haha! Anyway, so you can go to and fro with each of your charactrs. So i'm going to stop saying so much and let YOU experience it for yourself; so have a go! (Get a whole bunch of your friends, make a squad, and i'm sure you'll have a ball! :)
Probs the BEST Total War that CA have made! Great game, with 3 diffrent campaigns, its also challanging, very. I'm really hoping Attila will be good; CAN'T WAIT! Really looking forward to it. My parents pre-orderded the special edition for me :D I'm A True FAN.Total War is by far one of my favourite serises of all TIME!REally worth it.May all your games be good ones ;)And lets all hope that Total War Attila will redeam the serises! And the dissapiontmint of Rome 2; although it is NOW a good game, this is a oppintinaty for CA to give there fans a Great game!Thanks guys for reading, sorry about the spelling :P and feel free to give your thoughs in the comments below.And what you guys are hoping and think what the next Total War after Atila will be?! Give your thoughts.
A good and fun game! Although it does lack some elements of the game, like typical king maker or a skirmish costom.But buy it on sale, and its worth the while.Thanks for reading!Will add more soon!- This is Awesomeness ;)
Not close to Total War!Not worth it, I hardly ever play it :(
Looks great!
