My experience on Day 1  - This should help you decide if you want to play!Today I played my first my first 5 or so hours of the game and I have to say.. it was a great experience. I purchased the game on the idea of a challenge and a skill cap that I would want to pop but that proves to be harder than I first thought.A friend starts talking to me on steam just as I see the first boss and tells me the joy that can come from Dark Souls. I listen and I quickly see what the game has to offer and I also notice that my friend will be my mentor through this experience. After just under 10 lives I manage to kill the first boss and arive at Lordan. After speaking to a guy who seems to know more about myself than I do, I realise that the goal of the game is to reach a destination of some sort.I then go forward and find that I must defeat pairs of skeletons... who are overpowerd and after 10 or so lives I realise I need to do something different. I go down there and rush.. without even looking at the skeletons and see a shield. I die quickly after and the go back down to look for other items. By now I have realised how the soul system of the game works and that if I die I must retreve my souls from the spot I have died. I level up my dexterity because that seems to be what I need and go for many more runs with each life teaching my more about the combat of the game.I start to give up alittle bit but then my guide (friend) replys after being afk. My question is -Am I doing something wrong- and proceed to tell him about the skeletons. He then replys with a quick tip, -Try seeking a plan B route-. It hits me. I have been going the wrong direction the whole time. I quickly find a stair route that have much weaker enemies in it. My new weakness... grouped up enemies that attack shortly after one another while you are downed and/or recovering. Quickly I begin to realise that they must be seperated and try just that.2 Hours pass and countless lives go along with them. Keeping calm and learning from my mistakes and such. Finally I get to a tower-ish area, do you go up or down? I go up and walk along a bridge area. BOOM, a boss... much to powerful for my equipment and I. So I die... go back and choose to go down and am met with a boss. You know what happened... don-'t you?!~Day 1 - This game... its hard to believe it was made so long ago for something that wants to challenge you in such a way... and I love it!
20% For Anime kawaii desu people20% For 13 year olds5% For 8 year olds15% For veterans30% For Team Fortress 2 quittersAnd 10% For people who watch girl streamers and want some action.You belong in one of these catergories. I personally belong in the Anime kawaii desu people group.
Awesomenauts is a very good 2D-tower defence-side scrolling-co-op gameAND I WUB IT Its really fun to play with friends on split screen but thats the thing..... YOU NEED FRIENDS ..next to YOU to have the MOST fun with the gameSo buy if you have friends irl or don't buy.... OK Right Im doneLolz
And now for some satafied customers!Gibune: 11 MinutesWhen asked about what he though of the game, Gibune responded with this:-If you want a genuine honest opinion, I feel like this graphics are just outstanding. The people who made this game definatly know the limits that they can go to.--This game is better than Fifa 2016. Now, time to go find some more ♥♥♥♥♥♥ free games. Done, final notes.-He then closed the game for what we can assume is the final time.
I was promised a whale.I didn't get one D:
And now, here are some satasfied customers!Gibune: 55 minutes-It-'s terrible, its a waste of 500 MB.- -I remember one of the dragons from this game had a sick name and was OP.- When comfronted with the question -Anything else to say-? He responded with this:-♥♥♥♥ off, I don-'t want to claim my daliy reward.- Heartstone (the dragon) is OP and a ripoff. Final notes-He then proceeded to shutdown the game for what we can assume is the last time ever.As we can all see, this game is worth it.
Its hard to say it good because it says that a 2 gb ram comp can run it but it freaking doesn't..... It looks good but edit the requirments.............SAD FACE =(
