So, they finnaly have a singing game on steam in the form of Lets Sing. Ill start off this review with the songs. There is quite a diverse list of tracks to choose from all of them are great classics and catchy pop tunes. when you start a song it seems to be pretty fast for the actually singing of the song but you get used to the speed after a while. As for multiplayer, so far it is only local multiplayer for those who have 2 mic's at home, i convinced my friend to get this so that we could vs each other online but it doesnt work that way, i hope they add online competitive singing or duets. Is the game fun, Yes. it is a great party game and i enjoyed having a laugh with my friends as we sang Born this way by Lady Gaga. I hope they add in more song and online multiplayer to the game in the near future.I rate Let's Sing 7.5/10
The best On-Rails Shooter since Time Crisis! Blue Estate is hands down the Funniest game I've played in a while. The humour is fresh, rude and even vulgar. Slapstic and witty one liners fill the game making for a laugh every minute. The gunplay is satisfying, you are able to build up score multiplyers to reach ridiculous scores. There are minimal guns and a few boss fights. The only complaint i have about Blue Estate is that the game is too short, however it is not ridiculously over priced like Rambo: The Video Game. I highly recommend this game, there are some moments of pure comedy gold that I do not want to spoil in a review. Anyway i give Blue Estate an 8/10
The following is a review for Bioshock Infinite: Burial at Sea Part 1. Steam seems to say that I have not played any of it so I will be writing a review via Bioshock Infinite. WOW! I don't want to say much about this so that I don't spoil anything so ill be careful of what I say. Anyway, if you were a fan of the story of the main campaign in Bioshock Infinite and/or are a fan of the first and second Bioshock then this DLC is just for you. With lots of amazing scenery, great locations and a story that will have you stuck to your seat. It is a bit short for how much you pay for it but hopefully the next part will be longer. I will say no more before I go too far into the story but like I said, if you are a fan then defiantly get this in the season pass as it is much cheaper than separately. I give Bioshock Infinite: Burial at Sea Part 1: 9/10
Remember playing Split Screen back in the day with four friends? Remember sticking to your own screen to avoid being called out as a screen cheat? WELL FORGET ALL THAT CRAP! Screen Cheat is a unique game that requires you to use the dirtiest of split screen moves. Players are invisible and the only way to kill them is to look at their screens, the game puts 4 (I'm not sure if it can play more than 4 players) players screens all on one screen so everyone can see what each other is equipped with and where they are on the map. You must use your skills and a range of wacky weapons to elimininate your opponents. The game, in my opinion should be free to play, but it is still heaps of fun to play with some friends over skype, screaming about F@$#%!? B*&%#@?! Kills and other screen cheating goodness. I give Screen Cheat a 7/10
