This game is probably the best game I-'ve ever played, this game is extremely good and most definately worth what you pay for it. If you play Portal 2 or TF2 or Natural Selection 2 or any of the prequels to them and haven-'t played this, you are living life in the incorrect way. But if you plan on getting this game, make sure you play the first half life, and try to play half life: blue shift and opposing force. After playing those play this game and than the sequels. This game is a must for everyone with a steam acount. Get the games in the half life series and you will be a very happy gamer. If you do not have this game you have not lived. Play this game and, -Wake up-.
I admit this game can be hilarious when you see it on youtube, you think it-'s funny, and you-'ll have a laugh and think -I don-'t know how this could get old-. So you spend $10 on a game you-'ll play for 2 hours then never play again. Ragdolls glitching everywhere isn-'t as funny when you-'ve been watching it happen for hours. The game gets boring, I admit it can be funny at the start. But once you look back at it weeks later, you-'ll think its a stupid game, and you-'ll want that $10 back. Don-'t buy, watch other people play it at most. The $10 are not worth it, if it was free to play I would be recommending it. But your only going to play once or twice before you stop. This game is not worth the $10 and you are much better of spending it on something else. For example food, water, thing that you need in real life. I-'ve seen better games that are free to play. Don-'t buy this game, if it was free to play then I would recommend it but it-'s not is it, it-'s not worth it.
This is a game dominated by all the good fps players, new or casual players will get completely flogged and have no way to counter that because there is hardly anyone playing this game anymore, the people that are, are the good fps players i was talking about. If you believe you are good at fps then by all means try this game, but why I don't recommend this game is because whether you're good at fps or not you're still going to get flogged because the tiny little aliens that move 100mph and change directions instantly are impossible to hit, unless you've been playing this game for years. This game does not provide a pleasant experience, do not get it, I beg you.
