Supergiant Games have a reputation from their previous game Bastion, to create strong stories that host powerful soundtracks and detailed art. Transistor is no dissapointment, this game is huge step up from Bastion, showcasing unique gameplay mechanics, with a fully customizable weapon at hand. Though this is one of the biggest feautres of the game, the story, soundtrack, design and love for the characters in the game got me through to the end. This game has such a deep story of lost love and the struggles to reunite with that one. Not only is the soundtrack well written and fitting with the game, it flows with the story development and events that occur through your playthrough, the stylised art is painstakingly detailed, and geometrically themed to maintain the futuristic feel in cloud bank.Though there were few flaws, some people may find the combat mechanic a bit repetitive, though that is merely encouragement to mix the Transistor's abilities around for a different approach during conflict.The story is well written and heartfelt, while keeping soppiness out of the picture, beginning in the middle of initial conflict, which renders the protagonist unable to speak her mind and leaves the player to discover hidden details along the way, giving a satisfying and over all great ending. If I were to give this game a rating it would have to be 9/10 just because no game is perfect, but this cut so close, I love having a game the doesn't prolong important story development and yet still tells it powerfully, as well as the art and soundtrack winning me over, a truly moving game.9/10
With the Portal games being one of the most popular action puzzle series in history, the new indie release Aperture Tag had a lot to live up to in several respects, both original games showcased a unique futuristic soundtrack, difficult puzzles and of course the memorable commentary of one special AI that has a place in all of our hearts.Aperture Tag ticks these boxes, but not as well as the original series did. Of course, being an indie title I should cut it some slack. The game has a great overall soundtrack which hardly differs from the original's in style, keeping the ominous electronic feel which all players of the original relate to solving puzzles with (listening to it as I write this).The puzzles themselves are well crafted and make good use of the new device we hold in Painter Chell's hands (check out her model in one of the tests involving portals), including several race track themed courses which rely on reaction time to pass, and others which have a series of walls and levels which are needed to bouce and run off of to continue.The only ingredient this game seemed to miss from the delicious cake this series is was its AI character, Nigel, a personality core running his first test with you. Though the game didn't attempt to compete with Glad0s, it lacked in overall comedic value which I remember the first two games for having.This game is great for an indie release attempting to prequel/sequel the other two games which will always be a difficult thing to do, its soundtrack and puzzles are on portal point, and as much as Nigel is a lovable orb of metal, he didn't cut it for me. I missed Glad0s and her odd ramblings, attempts to kill me and her unique personality, I am yet to try out the cooperative and map creation modes featured in this game, but am glad I purchased this, and thoroughly enjoyed playing it.
This game justifies that video games are one of the best methods of story-telling if done right, and Gone Home does it SO right. People are fair in saying that this is not really a game, and more of an exploratory, audio visual experience, for lack of a shorter, better phrase. With Gone Home's main gameplay aspect being exploration, it makes it so enjoyable to walk around a house and look at things while slowly uncovering a deep story of how your sister slowly discovers who she really is. I usually wouldn't label anything as cute, but the ending definely deserves something of the sort.Other than that, the developers have done so well at creating an eerie atmosphere to keep you on the edge of your seat, in preparation for anything that may happen, with mention of ghosts and exorcisms, and the chilling, storm constantly raging outside, This game manages to be scary in a way, without having anything scary happen.This game is purely amazing, it has a great story, and a sweet soundtrack, plus with it being set 90s I got a huge feeling of early childhood sort of thing going on. It was an awesome game, go play it. 9/10
Not only is this movie an inspiring documentary about several of the best indie developers out there, but it's an hour and a half long journey which you take as a viewer with the people that are in it, becoming truly sympathetic for their hardships, and joyful for their successes.This film is overall engaging and informative (and I don't think I can say enough positive feedback to get my point across but I'll try), telling the story of the developers of three different indie games, Braid, FEZ and Super Meat Boy. During which you watch the production of the game, the struggles and the achievments along the way, as well as how stepping into such a large project affects their social lives, relationships, health and day to day routines, and really gives you a good idea of how hard indie devs work to produce the games they do.The movie is super enjoyable to watch, has a great soundtrack and has won a bunch of awards, so please just buy it and watch it because you won't regret experiencing what you do while watching this. serious.
Keeping with the happy reviews as another indie game I have played, has not dissapointed. Home is a short, pixelated, side scrolling horror game, which is based heavily on reading and exploration. Given the details mentioned this game is surely not for everyone, but putting that aside, why is it good?Home is a very atmospheric game, giving players just ambience to listen to throughout the 1 hour long experience (I use this word instead of game on purpose), the story follows a man who has woken up in a strange, unkown place, and is set the main obkective of returning home, to find his wife. As you get closer to home the story delves deeper and more questions arise, finding strange objects and horrifying scenarios, but maintaining zero jump scares.Home was enjoyable to play, being a game I could start and finish in one sitting, but as stated earlier there is no really exciting gameplay, but more of a filmic experience. I give Home 6/10
Gunpoint is the most fitting representation of why I personally love to buy indie games over mainstream ones. It has to be one of the most enjoyable, interesting and funny games I have ever played.The game hosts a unique style and gameplay, along with a great mystery soundtrack and lovable protagonist, not to mention puzzles that can be solved in a variety of ways and are satisfying to complete. The story itself is a classic murder mystery that isn't too heavy so you don't need to worry about forgetting key points, with the main character being a shadey yet hilarious detective who recently gained the ability to jump buildings thanks to the designer bull frog pants.Gunpoint is a unique and extremely enjoyable game to play, and definitely recommend anyone reading this review to buy it, or play it again :] 10/10
Evoland, when asked to sum it up, I would say, is fairly hard to do. It is a great indie game that changes, evolves and develops as  you play it, starting as a black and white, 2D adventure game like the original Legend of Zelda, and developing into a fully coloured, 3D, free roam, adventure RPG more like Final Fantasy. The game is enjoyable, short and funny and has a great soundtrack, I would definitely recomend this game to lovers of old adventure games and whom want to relive their history and all the changes they have gone through to become what they are today.Thanks for reading, Jazza.
I really like indie games, so when I saw this I thought that the concept was amazing, and it really is, but the fact that it is an indie game is the reason it could do with some work, the soundtrack and style of the game are mesmerizing and the character design has been done well, that-'s all good. Then there are the aspects that need tweaking, the shadow jumping, platforming and the AI aren-'t all that good. When attempting to scale or run a wall, the game is too unforgiving, basiclly you get caught on all the little details of a shadow, which may make it seem realistic but no. it gets frustrating. The platforming is also, of course, based around the shadow dimension so you can already guess what I would of said there, another big annoyance is that even though solid objects wouldn-'t hypothetically affect the dimension of a shadow, in the game, for example, if you try to walk past a pillar on the wall you will generally get thrown out of the shadow world. The last complaint is about the lack of AI for Didi, your young, female companion, whenever travelling from one mission area to another, she will walk exactly where she is programmed to and then stand there for as long as it takes you to get there, making no comments or attempt to follow you around while you search for collectibles (a main feature in the game) or admire the scenery. All together this game is a little expensive for $15, it was a great puzzle experience with an excellent soundtrack and an amazing ending, but for $15 it seems a little expensive. I would give this game an 8/10 and send a request to rename it -Contrast: Prepare to Die Edition-
