Greate game, Although lobbies need to be improved so that we can find games quicker
The BeginningFrom the start I had begun to get a little frustrated with this game is how it has been made so difficult to get going, After many and many trials and errors I had started to get used to how this game is and how it all works. The game itself is a very complex game with multiple things happening all at once. I can see how this game encourages you to want to play more and that if you play you have a certain few tasks that you have to complete just to survive. Some of those things are that you will need to kill some animal to get their meat. The thing that it makes it challenging, is that you have to check when the meat expires which is live in 8 minions or something. After the time the meat is useless and if you eat it you become very unwell and in return you lose health. Pro-'s I do like how they have added that feature to the game, because it encourages you to get out into the wild and do some exploring for some small gain, that is if you are only just starting out like I am. I am extremely expressed with the great special effects and the different graphics that are in the game it looks very realistic. It has great shadows and clear water, although sometimes you do get some very bright glare from the sun in your screen, but that is no big deal. PC, Performance From what I have experienced so far is that this game also runs very well on your pc, It is not to heavy on the CPU and your graphics card. That is normally the thing that i am most conserved about when finding a good game. When I first played i was concerned that this game may be too much for my computer to handle, But once i starting playing it more and more. The game ran perfectly. What I Would Like Added To The Game One thing that i would have to say would be a nice feature to add to the game would be. Some type of way of being able to set up a marker on your little map that you can use that exactly points to where you want to set some type of checkpoint. Another feature that would help out many players, would be if you could see where exactly you are on the map when you open it. Because when i go to open my map sometimes I wonder - Where the hell am I? - This can be extremely help for for the people who have the whole map explored and want to find where there certain base is or how do i get home. I do understand the company may have done this on purus, which is totally understandable. But it would make a lot of people-'s lives easier if you could add that feature is you could turn it off or on in your settings because that could mean that the more hardcore players, still don-'t have to have it on and then it is a win, win for everybody. :) Recommendations I would highly recommend this game if you are looking for something with a little bit of challenge and a great game just to spend a few hours exploring and trying new things. Overall I rate this game 8.5/10 :)
