One of the best games I have ever played.However it is not for everyone, here-'s why.So Hyper Light Drifter follows a charecter called -The Drifter- or -The Magician-, a blue skinned guy who has a kickass sword and can dash and kills stuff! The story for the most part is hard to follow if you dont pay attention and because there is no dialogue it isn-'t dropped in sort of easy to pick up hints. Instead when you talk to people you are shown still images that tell a short tale. From what I can tell the story is -You-'re part of a race called Blue-Skins, who did some bad ♥♥♥♥ and are hated. You are approached by Anubis/The Jackal who is supposed to be god, he asks your help to fight an evil called Judgement, the Jackal makes sure you do this by giving you a disease that will kill you unless you help him seek out and destroy Judgement!-Tl:dr You-'re a smurf who needs to help a dog god kill a big black thing, also you-'ve got cancer.The game itself has a lot of big pro-'s and con-'s that will likely affect your decision on buying itPro-Amazing art style-Amazing music-Difficult gameplay-NG+-No dialogue-Pretty cheap price when on sale-A few difficult achievments to work towards-Makes you want more high quality gamesCon -No Dialogue-Sometimes unfair and a bit frustrating-Only one story or way to play the story-Pretty short game-Makes you want more high quality games-Capped at 30 fpsSo I put some stuff in both Pro and Con, I doubt I have to explain why but I will just in case.Stuff like no dialogue are both good and bad, depends on the point of view.Anyway my final review of this is  8/10 Gameplay  6/10 story 3/10 replayability  7/10 Overall  Like Dark souls and Zelda violently ♥♥♥♥ing behind a bar 
Found a dragonKilled a dragonFound a citySlaughtered the cityForgot to save before slaughtering cityLearnt from my mistakesSaved gameslaughtered city10/10 Would kill thousands again
You can obtain a sword that shoots Nyan cats.10/10 Would get cat sword again
Best hide and seek sim ever!
It is indeed high noon
Day 1: -Load up dying light-Config settings-Join friend-Do the little intro bit and get into the full co op area-Get into some good clothes so I dont look like a banana-GO KILL ♥♥♥♥ WITH MY FRIEND!-*EXPLOSIONS N BLOOD N ♥♥♥♥*-Do a few more missions-Go get a supply drop at night-Do the little GRE Antizin ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t-See a volatile-♥♥♥♥ pants- Run ♥♥♥♥♥ run -Escape-End of dayThat was just day 1 and I loved EVERY MINUTE OF IT! It was so good and the following is just as good, the only con is that the game does not have an infinite story
Too short for the price right now, only about an hour and a half of campaign and the rest is just endless and challenge mode. Fun for a bit but not $20 fun, $5 fun is a more fair price. SUPERHOT IS THE MOST INNOVATIVE SHOOTER I'VE PLAYED IN YEARS! 
So since Overkill now fully owns Payday 2, I feel I have to re-write this.I have yet to play a new -Fully Overkill- game of Payday 2 yet but what I have already seen from their announcements, I am pretty excited!So they made all future safes free to open,have a Skills beta that they are working on and they have said they promise 18 months of continued support. To me this seems like a big step in the right direction and I am happy to reinstall the game and play more if it helps Overkill return to their former glory.
Eh, not bad.
