I spend $5 on a new indie game. Not 10 minute trash.
Sonic Adventure DX for PC is just so, amazingly... ok. It just trys to be something absolutly huge for the franchise, mixing dramatic storytelling with the rush of Sonic gameplay, and yeah, at the time and on the right hardware, this was revolutionary. Its just plain awful today.The advancements in PC gaming make the attempts for story telling, and the technology used for this effect just laughable. Seriously, the developers of the PC version must have LOW expectations. Your first playthrough of this game (all campaigns) will be memorable for years to come, but not in a good way.  Why?Because this PC port is complete ♥♥♥. Missing button presses was a frequent problem through my experience, no matter how many different keyboards and computers I played on. (tested on 5, btw) For example, During the final boss fight of Amy's campaign, during phase 3, I game-overed 3 times from full lives because of the missed presses. In the fight, you have to jump over an obstacle. In my experience, Amy jumped probably 3/4 of the time. Eventually I got so badly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ off at the game, I borrowed a second USB keyboard just to double my button presses.This problem was only present in the Boss fights. There is literally no reason for this.Why do I say thats its OK then? Well, Sonic Adventure DX is on the fence on being Good or Bad. The cornyness of the cinematics makes it funny and good, but only seconds later, a glitch where you are thrown uncontrolably off a stage by a pickup, losing a life and possibly game-overing you makes it bad. This effect (and unfortunatly glitch) happens frequently.If you are curious, wait untill it's like $1 in a sale before you buy. Just the hours alone and ONLY the hours alone playing this game would justify that price. If you are on the fence, just don't.Here's hoping Sonic Adventure 2 isn't this broken.
>be me browsing reddit>find out that Space Engineers will have paid mods>mod heavy user (roughly 22 mods)>literally♥♥♥♥♥cared.jpg>launch game to remove all mod blocks from over year old save file>-Im Sorry, you are not subscribed to the Mods required to open this world->imtoolate.png>start crying literal rivers>-To resubscribe to all mods required, press ok->a glimmer of hope>remove blocks and get email from steam support>-Your credit card declined. Moving payments into steam wallet.->check steam wallet>-Amount : -$212,342.9911/10 would re-mortgage house again
You can shoot a bathtub at Kleiner. 11/10
This F**king game. Is the ♥♥♥♥.
When you spend yourtime building and testing your way to the Mun, then crash while landing, you re-learn the definition of patience. 10/10 would buy again
