You like-Mechs-RTS-Jesus-Ultimate Jesus-Gambling-Farmville-Co-op-Flying Chicken-Jetpack Cat and Dogs-Comapnion Cube-Crafting-Minecraft? (lmao what?)-Tanks-More tanks-Did I mention tanks?-Kappa?????Then you're weird af, and should play this game.GR8 GAME M8 I R8 8/8. DONT H8 JUST A B8. GABEN PLS W8 I LOVE YOU M8
One word -FANTASTIC-Story...Music...Characters...Narrator...Combat...-Side-quest-...All are fantastic.
After about 2 years of playing the game, starting from the original mod of W3 Defense of the Ancients. I would say this game has really made it big, YES! You might be thinking, you-'ve been playing 2 years? but your hrs. of playing isn-'t even half way a year, about that I got nothing.When you start thinking of a game almost everyday and when you are failing school because of it, you know you-'re addicted to that game (I know this because it happened to me). That is the kind of game Dota2 is. Although, I got to control about my addiction but school is still a long way to go after my addiction, this might be a negative thing to the game but, no it-'s not, this shows that the game is that good. (the game isn-'t even finished yet with the missing heroes (although you can never call it -finished- because there is really just endless patches to bugs, updates, and probably new stuff)Dota2 is fun at the begginning, but as you progress through the game leveling up your account, getting more and more intrigued to it, the game or rather the matches you come across will be more challenging because of the matchmaking system in which other players of higher or equal skill level to you is paired with you, and because of this you get to experience a whole new hardcore game rather than the usual casual game you-'ve played before.The mechanics is complicated than you think it is. You might think -Oh! AI characters who beat each other up! Let-'s interrupt and kill them, ooh what-'s that? A player! Let-'s kill him too, wait what-'s this? A building that attacks me? Let-'s destroy it too *dies*- (I know you can easily learn from that, but it gets hard). With all the denying, juking, farming, laning, pushing, jungling, warding, engaging, roaming, ganking, and all the mechanics a -simple- game you thought would have, it really is that hard.In other words, this game is VERY hard, but addicting. That makes a good formula to -progression-.As a -veteran- player, I would still say that I-'m still getting the hang of the game.Thank you for reading, Happy Ganking! :)
>downloads game>enters the game>type in chat -Hi->see-'s a guy with 500 games says -Welcome to the game!->expected to see him in match im finding (considering there-'s 40 players online globally)>since he knows i-'m new, I was expecting him to be more forgivable if I die 20 times.>insults me, and calls me a noob for actually being a newb.>Defeated, 0/10, 6mins.TL;DR Still in Early Access and there-'s already toxicity in the community, worse, the guy played 500 games. If you-'re already downloading this in your downloads, CANCEL immediately. If you-'ve downloaded this, uninstall. LAWL
