Oh god, I love this game. Not only does this game have the benefit of the nostalgia that I so deeply cherish, it also has the benefit of a kickass developer pulling the reigns. Gearbox are just good people, they took a well known and beloved classic and wanted to make another game in the series, but before they did that they decided to remaster the original games from the ground up, while preserving the original feel and design to the game.To add to that, they also just optimised the original games, leaving the memories completely intact.It also doesn't hurt that this game is just, ♥♥♥♥ing, beautiful. I just have eye ♥♥♥♥♥♥s whenever I play, it's fantastic.(To enable Theatre mode: Press escape twice, press backspace four times, more games need this feature.)I can't recommend this game enough, if you are looking for an intense Space RTS experience that kicks you in the balls during the story and in gameplay, then this is for you.Please, for the love of all things RTS and classic, buy this game, show big companies that a faithful remaster is all what the fans are looking for, teach AAA developers to do more things like this, to not ♥♥♥♥ on beloved franchises just for the sake of a money grab, to be good people.Buy this game, you won't regret it.
I flew head on into a planet and crashed my computer.10/10 - Would play again.
It's a great game, and the ships really handle as I had expected them to.Only one problem.No Australian servers.It would be nice if we existed to other countries. One or two servers would be fine and awesome, but having none just makes me sad. I don't understand how US, EU and Asia all have 4 - 5 servers each, but there are no Aussie servers.Which means lag, lag and more lag for us Kangaroos.So while in any other circumstance I would be most wholeheartedly recommending this game, the lack of Australian servers disallows me to see a reason to.I mean, seriously! You're disadvantaging like 10 people! That's 10 people too many! :(
Lost 60 hours of gameplay due to some random problem. 11/10 - Won't play again for a few years.
Fell into a pit of turbines when I tried to ballance my car. I was turned into a decorative sculpture.19.42/10 - Game of the Year (All years)
This is a very good game, but I have two very major gripes with it.First is that there are no Australian servers, this can be slightly excusable, but I like to know that my country exists to other people, one or two servers based in somewhere like Adelaid or Sydney would be great. This is frustrating because that means that your Austrailian market is required to join the asian servers that have over 150ms of Ping, that's 1 second too many. You have already died by the time you've realised you've been shot. Australians are really at a disadvantage because of this.Second are the random, and rather critical, flaws and bugs. I know that this will eventually be fixed with development, but that does not fix their current presence in the game. They can range from small things like, your character stuck moving forward for a time (which can be fatal in a fight), or range from big things, like your character randomly suffering from a terminal cardiac arrest (and promptly dying, losing all of your gear and progress). As I've said, this problem will eventually be fixed with development, but they still exist today.Despite all this, I highly reccommend this game, because of the amount of times I have become stressed, angry, annoyed and felt truly alone while playing it. These are all very good things, because that is what the game is focused on, survival by any means in a cruel, hard, and desolate environment. I can't count the amount of times I've raged at another player because he took my stuff (after giving my brain a new ventilation hole), or have felt the heart thudding adreniline of escaping from mortal peril, or coming down from a euforic high after destroying several different types of nether... then being shot by another player.It's good fun if you are looking for an RPG-ish, guns, guts, and glory post-apocolyptic survival game, where anything goes.One thing I've noticed, is that no matter your level, or how good you think you are in this game, someone can still best you if they have just started out if they are smart. It's an even playing field with some barricades optional. Be warned, and have fun.
This game is brilliant. It's everything you wanted in a sandbox-voxel-challenge-action-adventure game and if you ever find the need to explore more? Just go off to another world!10/10(Although... It is pretty freaking hard.)
