My hours. help.I wrote something for real!These hours are legit, I played this game a lot in the past to avoid some tragic stuff in real life. I was young and didn't really have my gaming consoles anymore because of my brothers and I had a really bad pc, which i still own. TF2 was one of the games i could play pretty well on this pc but with horrid graphics, but it was one of the more fun games I installed. I met some real cool and nice people on this game as well as people who i plan to keep by my side. The community back then was more humble compared to nowadays. You have competitive gamers who spam their bind keys with unfunny/gross jokes and very obnoxious people who are either yelling at you or telling you to do specific things to win the game. When really, it doesn't even matter if you win or lose. However, you also have those people who are really awesome and you may meet some nice friends along the way! Although you never know what kinda person you're going to meet on this game. In my honest opinion, if you want to have a game to just waste time on (and money) or just mess around with people you know (which is what I do now), this is perfect. Esspecially the mann vs. machine co-op. I mainly play that now. Although to me, the game lost its touch, update wise, and I moved onto other games. I believe it's worth a shot to try it out but other than that, I'd keep it as a casual game. I don't think the competitive scene is worth getting into anymore because it's being flooded by crude people. Atleast from my experiance after over about 2+ years of playing it just got worse and worse. You will eventually be tied into drama even if you try to avoid it. You'll be more stressed than actually having fun, I'll tell you that!Although in all seriousness, this game is losing its touch and probably isn't worth making it your main game MAINLY because the updates they've been releasing are becoming very dull and not as great as they used to be. BUT, it's a great game to just play to pass the time and have fun! All you'll really notice nowdays is...people really love to trade more than actually play. Living off as a free to play would be very tough and you'd need to be patient with items you would want, unless you got that MONEY! Hope this helps.One last thing, I am not saying this game is bad in any way. I am saying that it's worth trying and playing with friends, or even meeting people! Although there are some downsides that you won't like, such as some stuff I pointed out above. Strictly towards the community. I personally think you should have this game as a side game rather than your come home to play sorta thing. Have it as a once in a while game, because it's nothing to be big about, unless you really do not like most of the millions of other games out there. Just give it a shot and see what you think! Have fun
