It entirley depends on the person at hand. If you're a true patient person keen on marksmanship, you'll enjoy this game as I have. Sure it may run bad graphics and unrealism, but it is an older game at this point in time. Don't by this game thinking it will be like sniping in the Ghost Warrior series or Battlefield or Arma, you're sniping in WWII era. The most common misconseption of this game is people don't understand that the very beginning of snipers were in the second World War. If you're a true sniper and WWII fan, you'll enjoy this game as I have.
I am yet to find a more realistic shooter on the market, this game offers tremendous entertainment. Conduct multiplayer operations online or with friends, or play special operations missions in the singleplayer mode with massive upgrades from the previous installment of the series. I don't recomend the game, buy it. Now.
This game is better than most general FPS-'s that include a sniper theme inside the actual game. Why? Because it-'s directly centered around the tactics and style protrayed by modern military sniper. This game displays a set of youth ranged ballistics and areodynamics, which does occasionally draw away from a true expierience. While it may feature bullet drop to some degree, that is the only true force that with be acting aginst where you hit your target. It fetures no windage, elevation change or temperature, etc. However, for the average person interested in this theme of military force, the game offers a great time. Still looking for a true sniper game though, but it-'s worth the buy if you are new to things like this. I highly recomend setting this on the -Hard- setting, as it gets rid of the red dot which allows for a much better expierience as a sniper.
It's TF2. Need I say anything else?
It's a start of a story that you will never forget. A story of courage, strength, and endurance that will leave you desperately hanging for more. Oh yeah, the multiplayer is pretty fun too.
Sure it's old. Sure it might make you rage.But it's adicting as fuuuuccckkk
