I give it 7.5/10BioShock Infinite, like the rest of the of the BioShock franchise, was very enjoyable to play, combat was highly enjoyable and graphics were great. However I'd still say that the original BioShock was alot more entertaining.I was slightly disappointed that BioShock Infinite didn't live up to expectation set by developers in early production. Even elements shown in the Beta game-play seemed to be non-existent: such as being fired at with artillery weapons and having a telekinesis power to stop the shells, sandbox level design, larger and more open areas and the random collapse of buildings as well as random weather events. However due to time, story and technology restraints many of these features were unrealistic so many of this is excusable - yet still leaves me mildly disspointed.Also I found the ending to be a bit weak, but enjoyable none-the-less. The re-playability is also somewhat non-existent do to the linear level design that isn't present in the previous BioShock games that would have left you searching through every corner of the map in the hope that you may have missed something. I still strongly recommend playing the game. Good job 2K.
An all time sci-fi classic and a brilliant game and an epic sequel to one of the best shooters of all time - making it also one of the best shooters of all time. I could elaborate more but instead I think I'll just say you REALLY have to play it if you haven't already and if you have played it you know it's the best!
They say variety is the spice of life and this is what makes Borderlands 2 such a red-hot game; elements such as the endless weapon variation, quirky sense of humour, cartoon decor and almost-comical violence really leave a great and addicting impression of the game to players. Gearbox have truly made a masterpiece shooter. Enjoy!! (or buy if you haven't already)
This game is epic!! (Literally as it is really large). Appart from that the gameplay, missions and graphics are excellent, you could plug the HDMI cable into your head and just live in there away from the real world - and not be bored for the next millenia. However the ability to move and shoot stuff in this game is evidence that it is a complete rip-off Halo as in Halo you can move and shoot stuff as well (clear proof) XD.
Best free to pay game out there! (And if it wasn't free to pay it would still be worth buying). The comical violence and competition keeps you hooked on it like cocaine... *sniff*
True classic. Fight against the zombie horde in an effort to survive with your friends!! My only criticism is that this (as well as the Legend of Zelda and Mario) is a complete ripoff of Halo. Good game.
