This is a moving and great game..I don't usally play RPG games at all, but this game.. was a exceptionGood:The Story is rich and full of meaning, your always finding out more things about the characters and backstory throughout the gameIt's easy to learnit may only have 4-5 MAIN levels but they are VERY VERY! well done and good hidden secrets.For a small RPG game, it has aout 5-6 hrs of gametime and i didnt even collect all the sercets!I'm not gonna ruin the game but the endings..actually made me cry alot.. they ARE movingThe Art in this game for the endings and other parts are high detail and truely amazing.A Ton more!Cons:I only have one.. PLEASE MAKE ANOTHER ONEOverall 10/10 on the Wolf ScaleIt is rather sweet and careful constructed story and this game really deserves alot of praise.I will be playing this game again.. I can't get enough of it!
This has got to be worse than sonic 06'!I played many of the Sonic games as a kid, staying up late nights on my Sega MegaDrive playing Sonic 1-3 and sonic and knuckles ect ect. This is a poor excuse of a gamePros:1. It runs well2. thats about all..Cons:1. Sure the surrounding area's may seem nice, Sonic looks like an unfinished unity model2. The Controls feel too heavy and he drops like a stone when u jump..nothing like how it used to be3. the stages are just.. It doesnt bring any charm back to what the stages were in sonic 1..4. the controls are ♥♥♥♥5. I wasted money on this..Overall..This game is a 2/10.. please dont buy it..Instead.. go buy sonic 1-3 for the sega megadrive on steam...SOOO MUCH BETTER
Awesome game EVER! :D
Awesome gameGood way to waste money u have earned on the steam market one stranges and hats.A fast paced short shooter which is very well placed, each character has its own style and when played with it can be enjoyable for everyone. There are tons of mods and things you can do to change this game at your will :)Loads of Custom maps like ScreamFortress, Slender, Surf maps and Mario Party style even.There are loads of game mods, MVM, CTF, Defend and others :)Best game on steam <310/10 
I-ve always been a fan of Police car chases..Now theres a game which allows u to be in the drivers Seat!This is such an awesome gameThe graphics are really good making it feel more alive and more realThe gameplay is great.The only let down in this game which is what i love in most of the need for speeds (PS2 seris included) is that you can-'t free-roam!But on the flutters rating board it is 9/10
10/10Would click hot girls again and hear them moan(Also put a macro on an extra button on your mouse and just toggle it off and on..for fast clicking)lel..also useful for upgrading..
Really good game for starters of portal and LOADS of fun!
