The Minecraft/DayZ Horror Aspect suits very well. You can explore this Open World and Craft items to survive.Pros:-Minecraft and DayZ had a Baby making this game.-It was produced by only one greatful person: Nelson Sexton.-Cars, Guns and Weapons make this game good.Cons:-Tutorial would be nice.-DLC [If there is DLC after this review that this doesn't count]-Lack of Quests-If you're new look up Tutorials.A Solid Early Acess Game and here is my Early Verdict: 3.8/5 A Recommend Free to Play Game that you should try for only 100MBs.
This game was the only COD that interested me in playing it.Singleplayer: One of the only COD games with lots of Winter-Pack actions and with Survival-Type save the base missions with Sgt. Foley! Multiplayer: It was a good multiplayer but the only problem was 1. NO Console 2. Private Matches have no custom classes. 3. No Default Classes. 4. Noobtubers. [But overall it's not that bad if you are a Pro Player after all.
This game brings fun to the EXTREME LEVEL ACTION!!!! BOOM POW HATS WEAPONS CATS LICKING!!!Singleplayer:It's challenging but not as fun if you play Co-Op with your brother on the Keyboard or with a Steam User.Multiplayer:This is very puzzle-solving and better than Singleplayer. If you have a Friend who is a jerk then he will probably leave you behind and get the gems himself!Rating:8.9/10 Great Game but missing some features.
Great Game really instense! It brings back the origins of Batman being in a situation that he's about to begin before he did his wildest adventures in Asylum and City. 8.7/10Singleplayer:This is a great story in Campaign while you're fighting againest assassins and roaming around the city. The 8 Assassins are quiet what we didn't expect. The Joker makes a brief appearance when he turned out to pull the plug on Batman, and me must stop him on his first time meeting him. Black Mask puts a bounty on his face, and he must survive the night and evade the GCPD and the Assassins getting the bountyMultiplayer:It sucks Worst things ever in batman history Laggy, Glitchy, Buggy. You should've tried HARDER!!!! Q A TEST IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  .Overall:It's a Decent Game but very Glitchy, but that doesn't stop the game ruining it self. The Developers, WB Games Montreal did a bad job. I hope Rocksteady comes back with a better game.Verdict:6.7/10 Worst Arkham Game in the Franchise.
i do not recommend this game its hard to play people f*** you up when your a Commando in Team Deathmatch and trying to fight but the Snipers are just pieces of CRAP! I do not want to buy this to a friend cause its garbage 5/10!
ORION: Dino Horde is a Indie Game Shooter, that is amazing!The Graphics are standard from what you'll find from a Nintendo Wii or a Play Station 3 and this game is alright.Why people hate is soo much is because they hate it. HATERS GONNA HATE.Overall The Game is Amazing 7/10Co-OpYour Main Objectives are surviving the Dinosaur Horde or Get the Generators Active.DeathmatchFree for All whoever survives wins. Its a every man for himself.SurvivalSurvive the Horde and win the gameThis Game has alot of potential and many of them survived but others failed. 7/10 from VivaTheGamer
To does people who want to play this... ITS RAGEFUL. Im not saying i hate the game HATE THE PLAYERS! This is a good game but the Cons are 1. Players 2. EVILNESS 3. Lack of Team SupportersThis game is a game that is co-operative and the main thing is to help your teams in to doing the things you need to do its a good game but the players are rageful 7.9/10
Saints Row 3:Explore Steelport insanly and crazly! Goin' out being a Saint in Steelport is fun!Story:You and the Saints go out and do a heist. But it when all wrong. The crew gets thrown in prison and gets taken from the Morning Star, a gang that took over Steelport while leaving the Saints pennyless.Johnny Gat is missing (HES ALIVE) and the Saints mourn him and get out of a plane that is full of crap. You must skydive to save Shaundi and kill the Morning Star while doing it. THEN TO BE CONTINUED!Overall:Great Game but disapointing. 7.5/10
I wanted this game to be Controller Supported but anyways this is a good game 7/10 [8/10 for people who are addicts to Trucks and Simulators]
