 An Everlasting Summer Indeed.. Achievements: 14/14Expected: 20-30 hours to complete.Endings: 13If you're a avid Visual Novel player, this is worth playing and 100%ing.Also if you like and watch a lot of anime you might recognise some of the references, if you're lucky you might notice a few familiar distinguishing features in the background when you're in the canteen ;)The next line will have minor spoilers to the story. If you don't want to be spoiled a little, only read up to Nudity then go to the next paragraph.What to expect:  Anime babes | Romance | Mystery | Nudity <-check around | Horror <-Yes I said horror  (worth finishing) So we begin.. At first, I was reluctant to click on the Store Page due to the game's picture being in a different language, but saw that the screenshots were in English and so decided to give it a chance. This is not the first Visual Novel I have played, I had alreadly experienced a variety of Visual Novels but it was the first that went like that. This game will change your views on a lot of things, and one playthrough is not enough. Finishing all endings was actually quite satisfying. Even now, I play now and then for the fun of it. Trust me. Your perspectives will change.I WAS hint the past tense. severly disappointed that Miku was portrayed as a annoying splinter in your backside with Semyon trying all in his power to avoid any possible future encounter with her by being cold and leaving prematurely as when she's still talking. But I have to say that was pretty hilarious. That hasn't at all changed the rating or recommendation of this review, it compensated it with comedy. Worth playing, and there's nothing to lose.Recommended (Y)
A quick nice read XD Expected: 10-30 minutes :) Without|Within Vinty is hard to dislike, she-'s adorable and she-'s ambitious (lol) but life isn-'t that easy. I only wished that this Visual Novel had more gameplay as the game is only under 100mb download, so it-'s not very long.  (that-'s what she said)  The choices are your general -Do this- | -Don-'t do this- type, it-'s very limited but it seems there is only one true ending, obviously as intended by the developer (:The art is pretty kawaiii and is perfect for the game.Music is swell too c:BEWARE OF TROLLS! :DVinty reminds me of Konata!Try it out, it won-'t hurt XDIt-'s also kawaii. Go for it.
Under ConstructionWhen it works, it's such a fine game. Quite a small download being 2.5GB and takes up so little space for so much content. In the game, each type of advanced lifeform have their own language, I have met 4 so far and to effectively communicate with them, you will need to explore the planets in the system and find knowledge stones to learn the words of the language...(more later)---Past review---Don't buy it yet friends. Either doesn't start up and crashes or you'll lag even with a computer that's a lot better than the system requirements (refer to other reviews). Mine doesn't start at all with a GTX 1060 so wait unless it's all fixed. I've tried out a few fixes out there already and contacted HelloGames to no avail, I'll keep trying though. #RIPHARAMBE #FOREVERMISSEDI'll change this review later and keep ya'll updated.
 I loved this game.  You will love this even more if you love Gundam | Mecha | Romance | Anime This game surpassed my expectations, to be completely honest I was doubtful when I saw the combat in the screenshots. I wasn-'t sure if a VN should even have any combat system. Of course, that thinking was formulated due to never encountering such a unique feature before in a VN. 11.5 hours later and I had completed the game. All in one sitting, sure I could have finished it earlier but I thought that would-'ve been a waste.When I finished story, I just realised how short of a gameplay that actually was and I was sad, I wish I could have played for a longer duration. I loved this game. I loved the characters, story and combat. The voice acting in the combat is probably the best thing in the game, quite well done. The main thing that annoyed me though, was probably the way it was third-person at times. -Shields did this, Shields did that- I know the whole story was not through the first person perspective of Kayto but that annoyed me XD. I-'ve only finished the story twice so I won-'t include everything.After you finish this, consider playing the Sunrider Academy Demo :)Also awesome.VN-'s I-'ve played (And finished): Digital: A Love Story Don-'t Take It Personally, Babe, It Just Ain-'t Your Story Katawa Shoujo  If My Heart Had Wings Narcissu  Everlasting Summer  More but I can-'t remember :Ltl;drJust try it. It-'s free, you literally don-'t lose anything. Only bandwidth, but it-'s not wasted. If you don-'t like to hassle yourself with strategy you can change the difficulty to -Visual Novel-.Very fun, basically a steal as a free game :P Loved Story  Characters Combat  Mecha Space10/10. I do recommend you get this.
