Played this game for 3 days straight without shower and missing a few major meals. GGWP Paradox
I don-'t understand all the hate about this game/app. Read the description first. -Leave it open - it-'s designed to run in the periphery of your life. Only interact with it when you feel like it. You can play Mountain while playing other games. If you are not playing it, it will play itself.- Based on this, you-'re not meant to -'play-' it, you-'re supposed to chill and listen to the soothing sound tracks. I seriously recommend getting this. Why? The sounds are brilliant. I don-'t spend time watching everything that has changed in the game. No. I leave it open while I read, or study, or when I-'m showering. I sometimes leave it open when I sleep. Those haters are -'hardcore-' players, while poeple like me and some few others enjoy the sounds of nature. In a nutshell, if you game to be a professional gamer in any sense (Dota2, CS:GO etc) you might regret getting this game but this would be the least regretul game you have bought. But if you-'re the person who games casually and do other things as a hobby (not just gaming), you have to consider getting this. Peace! :D
Of all the games I've played, this is the best game I've played. I've bought many games and this is still my main game. I'm forever tied to this game. Why is this game the best? The gameplay, the characters, the maps are awesome, may install addons, and there's blood. You may want to install an addon which increases the amount of blood, I must say. But still, without any addons or experience, this is a good game to start and end with. =)
Who would have guessed that this game would have been a Free-To-Play (F2P) game? It is amazing knowing an amazing game like this is free.There is a reason why this game is called TEAM Fortress 2. This game really need coorporation between players and a lot of teamwork. I can tell those who have never played a game like this, without teamwork, your team is doomed. There are different Classes/Character, various of maps and modes. Can-'t really get bored unless your team is not cooperating at all. By the way, there is a tutorial in the game, which really helps.For those newbies, I would personally pick the Soldier as your first-try Class. He uses a Rocket Launcher! the first time I use this guy, I was all like -Eat rocket!!- while shooting randomly. Anyway, he does a lot of damage, plus your health is one of the highest in the game. You can also shoot at your feel right after you jump to Rocket Jump. This will give you advantage to quickly get into the front lnes, to get to a higher spot, or just to run away from trouble. But be warned, this trick damages you too. use it wisely.Totally recommend this game for those who have a gang of friends. Starting the game with friends is way better than starting alone with above-average strangers.
Man, this is one of the best, and cutest time-wasters I've come across yet. Adorable dwarfs who dig for gold at a very slow pace, making them more adorable. This game also have different modes from Sandbox to Endless to even Challenges to test your skills you've leant from experience. I love the Arcade mode. Arcade mode is the mode where a randomly-generated map is made and your dwarfs will dig literally mindlessly to look for gold or any other materials. But be warned, apart from Trasure Caves, there are also caves that contain enemies, water that would flood your village and lava that would burn everything in your village. Your enemy will attack your base and kill all the dwarfs they come across. Fortunately, you have guards to guard your village a.k.a. base from evil.I would definitely recommend this game to those who love cute, time-wasting, offline games with a bit of curiousity and a small touch of adventure.
This game is f***ing awesome. You-'ll play this game at least 2 times, no joke. The music is nice and different, the plot is great, various weapons to choose from, various types of -'special moves-' to choose from too, and the character is a kid who uses guns and swords! I respect this kid! Not to mention that the artwork is just phenomenal. Yes. Phenomenal. The music plus the artwork plus the plot plus the whole idea is the reason why this is an award winning game. -Its not my type of game- you might say to yourself, but this is just to good of a game to miss.
