After playing through the chain of starter missions and a few other missions of various types, I can-'t really find any compelling reasons to recommend this game.  It-'s very much a bland and by-the-numbers effort of shoehorning the Dead Island series into the inanely grindy free-to-play model that most people are getting sick of these days.The theme is so utterly detached from the mechanics that the game could be about anything.  You do repetitive missions to slowly grind resources and XP so you can build better equipment to keep grinding resources and XP at a higher difficulty.  To emphasise how detached the game-'s mechanics are from the franchise and theme:The missions see you fighting your way through interesting looking locales littered with all sorts of weapons and items that could be used as such... which are all entirely uninteractive.  As is everything else in the environment other than the zombies.Instead, you do some arbitrary task to gather resource cubes which you return to the start of the level, and after the mission you are rewarded with crafting materials such as duct tape and clothto use for blueprints.You can tell how little thought or imagination has gone into a game when you are forced to walk past assault rifles and rocket launchers to pick up cubes, so that you can craft a plank with nails in it out of duct tape and cloth.  I wish I was exagerrating, but that is literally what you do.There-'s a -crossroads- mission system for PvE where you get 3 randomly selected tasks each time, but within about 3 of these missions you-'ve seen pretty much all there is to see.  None of it is particularly interesting - Go there.  Kill that.  Go there.  Defend that.  Go there.  Pick stuff up.The combat / gameplay itself is... passable.  Nothing particularly interesting or imaginative, and if you-'re playing with high ping due to not being in NA or EU it feels very slow and unresponsive.There doesn-'t really seem to be any endgame, or even any meaningful progression - just another grinding treadmill.  A game full of arbitrary limitations and restraints designed to find the lucritive balance between addicting you enough to keep playing and irritating you enough to cough up some dollars.Dull, uninspired, entirely devoid of any originality or charm.
The gameplay is solid and has some novel mechanics, while not being revolutionary in any particular regard.  There-'s orbment (i.e. magic) system frustrated me a little - Much of it goes unexplained outside of an in-game manual, and it-'s quite cumbersome to keep flicking between the manual and the menus to figure out which combinations of orbments will gain you access to which spells.  Around mid-game when I had access to most types of orbments, I slapped a -good enough- config into my characters and then never had the incentive or desire to delve back into it other than to replace orbments with higher level ones.Support and defensive orbments/abilities also seemed to be unnecessary throughout the entire game, other than in the final boss battle.  It all just boiled down to damage, damage, damage...What really kept me playing though were the game-'s story/writing, the music, and the attention to detail.  Unlike many JRPGs, the plot is engaging and coherent and the characters are interesting and relatable.  It-'s all quite trope-heavy, so don-'t expect stunning levels of originality - but it-'s pulled off with enough charm and intrigue to keep you nicely entertained.The music is catchy and pleasant - up there with Final Fantasy at times.  Sound effects are pretty standard / nothing special.  The attention to detail can be seen in the environments (particularly in the towns), enemies, dialog, etc...  It feels like a lot of care has been put into the game.I was happy to sink ~50 hours into it, and would recommend it to JRPG fans.
Only just able to recommend this game.  It covers the bases of visuals, sound, writing, voice acting, etc fairly well (although I-'m not a fan of the -How To Draw Anime- style used for character portraits and cutscenes).  The story is decent enough.  You unlock abilities as you progress which allow you to reach previously inaccessable areas in a Metroidvania style, but the rewards are typically generic chests of cash and healing items so there-'s not much motivation to backtrack much.The major letdown of the game is, sadly, the gameplay.  It feels like a lot of potential went to waste.  Pretty much every battle in the entire game, including boss fights, can easily be won by spamming the projectile dust attack.  It-'s ridiculously effective in all situations and so easy to do that you won-'t bother with the other things the game tried to include - throws, counters, combos, etc.A few other aspects also seem out of balance - I always had WAY more money than I needed, and getting good gear seemed too easy.After a few hours of playing, my main reason for sticking with it was just wanting to finish it.  Didn-'t take too long, and gameplay was fun enough despite the flaws and lack of challenge.  If you don-'t pay much for it and are looking for a simple mashy game?  Go nuts.  If you-'re a weaboo furry, you-'ll probably have a raging semi the whole way through.
A truly unique game that everyone should experience.  I can't remember another game achieving so much with so little.  If ever there was a sign that the medium of video games is maturing, this is it - it's meaningful, poignant, confronting, challenging, stressful and charming.While I was expecting the monotony of immigration paperwork verification, I was not expecting such a strong and intricate storyline to unfold.
