Dead or Alive 5: Last Round, First of all. I Enjoyed the hell out of this game. Being a fan of Dead or Alive 3 and 4 This was a must have for me. Im not going to complain about the missing two maps or a skin softening engine, I knew those were not included before hand. A very enjoyable fast paced fighter. Would Reccomend. Pros:-Fun and and satisfying combat.-Tones of different and earnable skins.-Music in this game is assignable to certain characters and my lord the amount of options is a very big list.-Interactive environments, E.G Knocking a building down and kicking your oppenant of the top is amazingly satisfying.-Large variety in moves and combos throughout all characters.-Practice mode shows you everything...Literally Everything from begineers basics to advanced players combos.Cons:-Main Story is fairly weak, But still enjoyable.-Keyboard Controls are very tricky and awkward and takes Alot of Getting used to.(K= Punch, L=Kick,J=Block etc), WOULD HIGHLY RECCOMEND A CONTROLLER.-Lack of online which was stated to be released around three months after launch.-DLC Is silly expensive for in-game skins.-Jacky Bot In arcade during Round 5 of 5 on true fighter difficulty... q.qAll and all its a well made game, just having a bit of teething issues with the port. Would still reccomend if your looking for a good fast paced fighter.
I Think Ive spent a total of $16 on this game, Mainly because unlike most F2p Platforms this one does not cut you off for wanting to play the game for what it is, granted it takes time, but this game Is well worth a go, Especially if your looking for somthing fresh, the Art style of this game is very unique, with each faction looking severely different from the other. The combat is fluid and seemless SHOTGUNSWORDOMGWOT with great 3rd person gun and melee play, ranging from grenade launchers, bows, assault rifles, crossbows. ,magnums, smgs, Katanas and maces. It would take to much of this post to cover what this game has. And if you somehow manage to blaze through it, come back in about a month and there is very likely new content to try out. May get repetitive but the weapon variety and weapon stance variety help this feeling dimish.9/10 in my books
A very Strong RTS Game with an amazingly strong following. Being released in 2008 and having an average of 500 players on per day is quite the feat. Nine races to choose from and kickass with, I played this game back in 2008 and thought I might pick it up again and was still not dissapointed with this game what so ever. We need more Strategy games like this.You Do not need to be a warhammer fan to like this game, In fact it may even spike a small interest in the genre.
IM SO BAD AT THIS GAME BUT ITS 5/5 RATIN FOR DAH FUN
