Am I seriously missing something here?I'm not having a whole ton of fun with game. Tons of bugs and glitches everywhere, really bad performance issues. There is no tutorial or anything to help you, well you wont really need any help because all your gonna be doing through the whole game is PICKING UP KEYS AND UNLOCKING DOORS!!!!! Where is the variety guys? C'mon....The maps are decent but not too special, and how come being a monster just really sucks!?! You would think that you would feel pretty cool being a monster but in this GAME you feel so cheap and pathetic. I was hoping you could do many cool things as a monster like trigger things, make people hallucinate and like fly around and drop in right behind a dude and scare the living daylights out of him. BUT NO! You can't do that, well atleast from my playthroughs I couldn't. As a monster in this game, you run around the area searching for people for hours and hours and hitting them then in one hit, they're dead. Very misleading... I wasn't frightened one bit in this game, the only thing I could say that scared me much was the freaking music that plays when a person is running away from you while your the monster, it just suddenly pops in, scaring the bajeezus outta you. But one poor decision that I hate in this game is that when your the lurker, you can't see anybody until you manifest. I find it very stupid but some people might disagree with me. Only my opinionAll I can say left about this game is that the premise of it sounds incredible but the dev's executed it poorly. I know it's in a earlier stage of development but still feels like a very VERY earlier version of the game that the dev's should only have. PLEASE DEVELOPERS LISTEN OUT!!! Sorry for being harsh but please change some of these decisions that you've made, it would definitely change my thoughts about this a lot. Wait people, till these get fixed, I just can't recommend just yet.
chiken
Strip clubs......15.75/10 Nah, I'm being serious this game is great! Amazing atmosphere, awesome gunplay and revolutionary graphics. This is my first Metro game and I'm surprised I can run it at high settings. Well optimized :)
I... I just don't anymore... D:What has this world come to?
Got down to the ruins level, with tons of good loot. I felt so brave and tough, until I got owned by a bunch skeletons :/ IF YOU LOVE LOOT HOARDING, ROGUE LIKE GAMES AND DYING A LOT, GET THIS GAME! It's so simple yet so much fun, and they're going to be adding way more stuff too so Im really excited for the future of this game. Gotta watch out for those skellies though, damn they're tough.
