Miscreated is a multiplayer open world survival game in which you fight against the elements, environment and living beings after a devastating war, you will start in the world with a T-Shirt, Jeans and a Flash light in which your goal will be to gear up by scavenging nearby houses, car parks, schools and other potential looting grounds for cars, weaponry, crafting components and tools. Combined with trying to avoid or possibly kill the existing mutants or survivors.Something to note considering every other survival game has this issue is, the community isn-'t entirely a - Kill on Sight - type of mentality which is good, you-'ll get people chatting with you, trading or even possibly grouping up to defend against bandits or you may even decide to build your own base and hoard all the loot in the universe.The developers also seem very passionate about their game and are listening to feedback and followed by that is great ideas for future updates which will definitely make this game even better, personally i would like to see more mutants so i-'d be swarmed with no hope of surviving, possibly increasing the limitations on how many objects you can have in your base ( followed by storage containers so you can hold all your items instead of throwing some away ) also i would like to see the temperature system back, because i-'ve heard people talk about it and it sounds very interesting.I highly recommend this game for i have enjoyed my time so far. I shall continue playing this whilst also keeping an eye out for the magnificent updates which take place. Join us now!!! we need more people to jump on and get involved in the carnage.
An outstanding game that's so polished in it's current state that it almost seems complete, I'd pay the price of a triple A game even if there's only infantry warfare currently, even with that in mind there's so many variations of outcomes,  fortification opportunity and tactical plays, that will never make any scenario seem the same. What's even better is almost if not all the player base follow orders word to word which makes the game vastly superior to any military game out there in the current mix. On top of that the community is mature and friendly and is always willing to help.Summary: This is truely the best community i've had the pleasure of playing with, and will continue playing with to the ends of time. 10/10
Great and unique game, lots of customization and cars / weaponry to suit everyones needs, fun mission objectives, almost no mission is the same in regards of what can happen, regular events and just alot to do overall. The downside is it hasn't recieved too many game changing updates in awhile other than the anti-cheat system but that's about to change with the engine update coming out awhile from now, which will make the developers have the ability of implimenting new content such as maps and game modes. It can also be somewhat difficult for new players considering the people with thousands of hours will basically demolish you in most scenarios, but given time you can learn.(Also customization really only kicks in when you eirther get premium through events or purchase it with real money, which is rather unfortunate)Summary: Solid game with great content and customization but limited unless you have premium and is also difficult to beginners.
I've been playing this game on and off since it first came out in Early Access and i must say it's an amazing and fun experience and it's really worth while buying even in EA, and most definitely when released. The maps are unique to one another, the gameplay is polished but can get slightly repetitive (with the limited content that there is currently), however content is coming in on a slow but regular basis, which i believe is going to pick up early this year which will be nice.I also have to take into consideration about the people complaining about the micro transaction system, it is somewhat bad that they released it whilst it's still in early access, i don't support that choice at all. It would've been much better if they were to wait untill release for that particular thing.But it doesn't deny the fact that it's a brilliant game with excellent potential and if you like blowing up zeds with all ways imaginable, which i definitely do, then this is the game for you.
