Conquered Spain and exteminated the population. 10/10 would genocide again.
Randomly came across this game while looking at top rated free-to-play games and just a few days later I have 80+ hours.It may not be for you, but for those of us who've grinded their way through difficult games, it's fun to be rewarded for doing nothing.A+EDIT: Another 20 hours... There is more to this game than I originally thought... Got my 3 active Ancients and a bunch of early Gilded heroes. Might break 200 this Ascension...EDIT 2: 200+ hours now... Oh dear. Broke 700 after not playing for 6 months. Oh dear.
I waited a long time to buy this; I played CS for years back when going to a LAN Cafe and paying by the hour was still a thing. Then, years went by and despite having CS:S in my Library, I never really went back to it. I was happy with TF2 and Payday 2 for all my shooter needs. Then. Steam sales and whatnot happened and after reading about 50 Steam reviews, I decided what the heck and bought it.5 hours in and I'm very happy I did. CS:GO has planted a bomb at Site A; my heart... I don't know if that metaphor works... but yes, I was surprised. I played a bit of Casual before taking a deep breath and jumping into a Comp match.Wow, such fun. I wasn't flamed for being awful. I was playing with people with dozens and hundreds of hours on their CS clock and still managing to be slightly better than completely useless.And now, with all this TF2 style unlockable ♥♥♥♥ (which I am a complete sucker for) and a variety of challenged and whatnot, this game now has a place on my coverted Favourites. Highly recommend; even at full price ($15) it's a great deal. Cheaper than COD or BF and I would argue better in many ways. Get on it.
The best way to describe this game is Left 4 Dead, but instead of a Zombie Apocalypse, it's a Heist. Also, it has a deep customisation system with four skill trees, hordes of weapons with customisations and of course, customisable (and very cool, imho) masks for your robber. Additionally, missions (heists) have multiple elements that are randomised each time you play, so it's 'never the same heist twice.'I will be playing this game for quite some time, as Overkill has already promised 12 months of content. The only downside is that the A.I. is kinda dumb sometimes and the graphics are not industry standard, but being as this game is the price of an indy game, it exceeds all expectations.The TL;DR version is this game is great value if you want a solid co-op game and don't mind the idea of slaughter hoards of police when you set off the alarm.
I have been playing this game for years, since TFC and it is has only gotten better with the addition of items and weapons. AND HATS! OMG HATS! Seriously, it's fun, it's free and it's fun. What have you got to lose?Except your dignity when you get fish slapped to death.
4 survivors fight their way through zombie infested areas, ranging from swamps to amusement parks to cities. The basic format is this; you have 5 item slots, your primary gun, a secondary gun, a thrown item, a major health item and a minor health item. You begin with very little, a basic pistol and a weak primary, usually either a shotgun or an uzi. You then fight your way past hordes of sprinting zombies to get to the checkpoint. Each campaign has several checkpoints, culminating in a final area which is usually the most insane part of the map, for example, you are in a rock arena fighting zombies on stage with guitars. Additionally, there are several special zombies who will make your day hard. They each incapacitate you in some way, meaning your fellow survivors have to rescue you.If you've read this far and are not interested, don't buy this game. Personally, it's the best co-op shooter I've played... ever. I will continue to play this periodically until L4D3 arrives most likely.4/5
