For me the fun in playing Fallout 4 has been about the brief moments in between all the other stuff, sure a lot of the game is going to one location or other and killing loads of the same enemies over and over, then fetching misc_item01 and returning it to the quest giver, but the typically rather bland combat and quests are punctuated by incredible moments of joy, wonder and exploration. I still haven-'t finished the main quest, but it-'s already engaged me in a way that no other Bethesda game hasUnfortunately Fallout 4 still has a lot of the issues other Bethesda titles have suffered from like bugginess, random crashes, frame rate drops, insufficient tutorialisation, and moments of bad writing and/or voice acting. The good news is that all the stuff Bethesda are great at like character customisation and progression, world building, and of course the construction of hundreds if not thousands of mininarratives across the world have all been done exceptionally well here.The settlement system is fun but could certainly have used more attention. There-'s very little explanation of how it works and some obvious and painful limitations to it (which of course make me all the more eager for the creation kit-'s release). The stringent no-clipping rules are a pain, as is being unable to turn off automatic snapping, and time and again I find myself wanting to build objects which exist everywhere in the wasteland but can-'t be built in settlements (campfires for instance).Bethesda needs to improve in not releasing broken unpolished games, but in playing it I-'ve found it hard to point out situations where cutting a feature, location, quest, etc and spending the equivalent resources on bugtesting would result in a better game.Edit: Probably should have mentioned, I-'m not a fan of the dialogue system-'s -press right to be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, press down to be that kid in class who sucked up to the teacher, press left for wildcard? usually a sarcastic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ though.- Not only does it suffer from the classic Mass Effect problem of not really knowing what your character is actually going to say, but it-'s taken out room for SPECIAL checks other than the charisma one. Getting access to different dialogue options based on your strength, intelligence, etc. were one of my favourite things of FO3 and NV.
The best being shot by people you can't even see simulator on Steam.
In most games a boss fight involves killing a single boss. In Shadow of Mordor the boss fights are about getting killed by eight bosses at once.
