I really wish there was something in between yes and no but well, I will have to say no.The reason is simply because of price and content, this game cost-'s the same price as Subnautica and yet it does not have anywhere near as much content to boot.Subnautica is a game that I highly recommend but far sky isn-'t. If far sky goes on sale for a cheap price then sure go buy it but if it doesn-'t, get Subnautica instead.Also think about this. Subnautica is in early access and far sky is -finished- and yet Subnautica has way more content, just let your brain process that.EDIT: I found out that the game is actually cheaper than Subnautica now? I guess that-'s good?
ProsA. Fun missionsB. Variety of weaponsC. Variety of missionsD. You can pee on peopleE. Lots of funny humorF. Free roamG. Complete freedomH. You can either play through the game as a pacifist or as a genocidal maniacI. Steam workshop supportConsA. Very little music if any at allB. Graphics are a bit datedC. The game has horrible hit detectionD. The humor can be pretty low brow sometimesE. The game has some crashing bugsVerdict 7.5/10The game itself is pretty fun but as a game on its own its solid and is fun but don't expect a masterpiece out of it.
ProsA. Large amount of modes to playB. Large amount of extra weapons, maps, characters etc.C. Large active communityD. Plenty of new content being made each weekE. Plenty of fun with friendsF. Cheap price and goes extremely cheap when on saleConsA. People ♥♥♥♥♥ and complain WAY TOO MUCH about rdm and pretty much anything online in multiplayerB. Sometimes there are so many addons to install for some modes that it takes a good while for you to join serversC. Making your own private servers that your friends can join is impossible without evolve or hamachiVerdict 9/10I am rating this game quite high due to the massive amount of fun I have had with the game and because it has so much content that it is my most played game on steam.
Pros:A. Nice Graphics and presentation overallB. Game is fun to playC. There is a ton of content, providing tons of hours of play timeD. Loads of enemy types to fightE. Loads of Bosses to fightF. Loads of weapons and types of armorG. Varied music depending on whats happening in the gameH. Amazing varietyCons:A. The games save system broke for me so when I had to to back up my data, I lost all of my hours worth of work that I spent on my world and because of that, I couldn't bring myself to play the game again.Verdict 9/10
It's so bad that half the time the game doesn't even run properly
ProsA. Plenty of classes to choose fromB. Plenty of weapons to useC. HATSD. Lots of varietyE. The game has a lot of personalityF. Looks visually goodG. Good soundtrackH. Its free!ConsA. The game feels kinda pay to winVerdict 8/10The game is fun and has enough content to make you wanna keep playing for hours and hours!
ProsA. Plenty of missions to playB. Plenty of cheap downloadable contentC. extremely fun co-opD. Good weapon varietyE. INSANE CUSTOMIZATIONF. Many different characters to play asG. Many different Difficulty levelsH. Stealth and Loud gameplay which allow you to pick which ways you want to play the mapsI. Different types of enemies to fightJ. Great mission variety, Drug deals, Bank robbery's, smash and grabs, store robbery's and MOREK. AWESOME SOUNDTRACKConsA. singleplayer team mate A.I is GARBAGEB. The game can be brutally difficult on higher difficulty levelsC. Presentation is a bit bad in some placesVerdict 9/10One of my favorite co-op shooter franchises ever and this game does extremely well at what it tries to achieve
Left 4 Dead 2 a violent, thrilling, heart pumping zombies experience from our beloved half life creators valve. the game contains new characters, weapons, zombies and levels but do all these things make a satisfying zombies experience? lets find out.STORY: the story without a doubt is one of the games biggest weaknesses mainly because the game has no real explanations for why you are do things or why you are going to certain places so the story is quite poor.COMBAT: in a zombie game if the combat sucks than the rest game cant really be good either but thankfully the combat remains the same formula of moving and shooting that the last game used which is one of the main reasons left 4 dead became a hit and one of valves most remembered games today and now that melee weapons have been added the combat its now allot more close and personal.CONTENT:the game has been greatly improved over the original with more weapons, zombies and levels to play through so now you can live through that entire co op experience again with more toys to kill with.THE VERDICT: left 4 dead 2 is a great game with more things to see and do and a bunch of more modes to play such as scavenger and realism so the final verdict is an 8/10 and so I hope you enjoy your game and also hope you enjoyed my review.
