If you haven't got this game yet, you're missing out.
Not too long ago I wrote a review of this game. I accused it of suffering from a -terrible lack of content-, primarily due to the fact that it only had -4 classes, one which was broken- (Zerker).I dare say that I-'ve played enough of the new update to wish that I-'d waited until the patch had been released before giving this game a negative rating.This is due to the fact that yes, Tripwire did take a long time in releasing it, and yes, there was a lack of content in time waiting for the new update, however, I can honestly say that it was all worth it.Every second.The new content is incredible, the Zerker tree has been completely re-worked, and it now functions as well as any other class in the game. The FLEX Gore system is beautiful (THE GIBS, MAN, THE GIBS).The new maps are unbelievably well-done. Catacombs is an underground area (as you-'d expect from the name) where almost every light can be destroyed, plunging the map into almost complete darkness. It is claustrophobic, nigh on terrifying when played on the hardest difficulty, adrenaline pumping, and indescribably enjoyable to play.Evacuation Point is just as well done, but it isn-'t as original as Catacombs. Whilst it is beautifully made, with some lovely tight spots to get stuck in, there is little that differs it from the rest of the maps, whilst Catacombs is one of the most unique maps I-'ve ever had the pleasure of suffering through.The two new classes are absolutely spectacular. Firebug is fun in a maniacal sort of way. Setting countless Zeds aflame with the Flamethrower and watching them writh around as they slowly burn to death always succeeds in elicting a psychotic grin on my face. The Microwave Gun is just, beautiful.Simply beautiful.There is nothing more enjoyable in Killing Floor 2 than watching a Zed inflate spectacularly before bursting into a satisfying shower of gibs and bodily fluids. And then there-'s the Demolitionist. Whilst the class could do with some re-working (it is a tad underpowered currently), I can-'t honestly say that I don-'t enjoy laying down C4 at chokepoints and waiting expectantly for a group of Zeds to walk by before blowing them all to smithereens, their intenstines flying all over the place, their blood splattering the walls as I giggle with glee behind the keyboard. Ahem. Aside from the brilliant new content, there were numerous bug-fixes and other improvements present. Namely, Tripwire did away with (or at least reduced the effect of) Zed Teleporting, which was one of my primary reasons for giving the game a negative rating. Furthermore, they improved Han-'s-' intro, along with some of his attacks, visual effects, and other things. This, amongst with countless other improvements, all work spectacularly, with nary a bug in sight. I-'ve gotta say Tripwire, I-'m very bloody impressed.
