have more hours on sniper then 50% of my friends list' hours on tf2.it died for me
Probably the best game I have played this year, even though I bought it on the 23rd of December xd.GET CARS, GET MONEY, GET GUNS, ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥ES, ♥♥♥♥ POLICEcomin' straight from da undergoundcrazy mo' focker named Iceboob.
I have only played this game 4 or 5 times look at the hours i have done... Anyway this game is amazing you start from warriors and scouts to knights gunmen tanks and best of all MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ING GAINT ROBOTS... But ofcource this game is online i played with my friend and we had a competition to see who will nuke each other first.. ( i won ) but it took us like 1 whole day just to do that ------------>GET THIS GAME<-----------
Rick Snail BoyST137 Appearances351 Goals49 Assistsi r8 gr8 game m8 would play again for gr8 moni
This game has many awards that were given from me.-The Game That Has Made Me Rage The Most 2015-The Game That Made Me Spend The Most Ammount Of Money On 2015-The Game That I Am Best At 2015Nah but seriously this game is full of toxic people that shout at you but you can have those great team mates that are actually co-operative. GG Quit TF2 for CS.
well, i feel like this game gets a bit repetitive, other than that i r8lost a guy called Nigman Nigjoeaswell as Kag ShojoGood names
Well... Only played 23 minutes of this according to steam buuuut that is probaly all I am going to play of this game. I joined a match, killed a few people with an M1 Garand Rifle. I started to get into it with the battlefield effect this game has, after the match was over I leveled up and it gave me IN GAME CURRENCY. Now I do trade on Team Fortress 2 but thats different. I can trade that for real money and besides I only spend money on that when I want keys for unboxing. But I dont want to spend money so I can get some really good sniper rifle or machine gun. And I certanly don-'t want to go against the people who -Pay 2 Win- I wouldnt call it that but it is the best term in this situation. This game does have alot of potential if they turned it into a Battlefield style of unlocking things, like getting 10 kills with the M1 Garand unlocks you a scope, or getting 100 or so kills with a Tompson Machine Gun gets you a new machine gun PPSH-41 or the BAR? Just some suggestions for the game there. And one last thing REMOVE IN GAME CURRENCY. k bye
