After playing 400+ hours I can confirm that every time I die, so does a little part inside of me. This game is essentially a Valve money making machine. 10/10 I love this game.
Realm of the Mad God is a permadeath shooter where every time you die, you cry, because you just spent the good part of your day grinding him up to 20 and killing gods in the godlands for loot and you were attached to him.This game is free though, so 30/10 it was ok.
I preordered this game thinking it was going to be good. But it wasn't. It was ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. I love this game wholeheartedly. The only real gripe I have with this game is the lack of heists. Make more of them for the love of god.
Basically 1 ending. 1.3 hours is getting all the easy achievements, so if youre into that than download
Deus Ex: Human Revolution is a game where you play as Adam -Mass Murderer- Jensen as he travels around the world accidentally killing entire populations of cities. You begin the game in Sarif Industries as a non-cyborg serial killer, in a room with a woman you don-'t care about or have to to care about before she is murdered. You walk all over the place. You reach the elevator, and then that dick♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ from I.T. comes in and cockblocks you. Then a security breach happens. Fortunately, you happen to be the head of security for ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Industries, and you-'ve got to deal with it because all the other security guards are off masturbating or something. You go down and kill loads of terrorists (-'MURICA ♥♥♥♥ YEAH) and then some augmented dicknugget kills your girlfriend (that ♥♥♥♥♥ that you don-'t care about) and basically kills you. Then you become augmented and get sent into a facility to go kill some more terrorists. You can choose to save the hostages, but you-'ve got better things to do. You go kill that Zeke ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and you go back to Sarif Co. and get yelled at by Sarif or something. You go outside the building and meet that person you never cared about-'s mother. You choose whatever for the first speech option. Then for the second, you choose the left one. You then close out of the game and delete local content. CONGRATULATIONS! YOU-'VE COMPLETED DEUS EX: KILL ALL HUMANS!8.5/10 for the serious answer.
