Ups: -Terrain destruction is amazing-Infestation Mode is intense and can get challenging -Variety of weapons (however some of them feel useless compared to others)-Aliens are generally fun to fight-Some of the guns are freaking hilarious to kill aliens with (Magnet gun anyone?)-In the few short missions that you use a vehicle, you feel unstoppable and badass.Downside:-Quite Short gameplay time, no openworld exploration (apart from free mode, which is just a tiny map)-Can be repetitive in some areas, especially when the same aliens keep popping up.-Game crashed once or twice when I pressed a button in game.-Can feel like it's all going way too fast (might not be a bad thing in your case)Conclusion: I've only ever played Armageddon and Guerilla from the Red Faction series. I found Guerilla to give me more entertainment since it was open world and the destruction you caused wasn't limited to a level. However, Armageddon still gave me a solid 8-10 hours gameplay offline, which only included the campaign, a few infestation levels and about an hour mucking about in free roam. I have not tried Online and there are plenty more things to do in offline mode (achievements, secrets, harder difficulties, etc.) Graphics wise the game was OK. I was playing the game off a new-ish laptop and everything ran fine, however I don't think graphics are on par with games that came out around the same time. But hey, don't judge a book by it's cover, right?I definitely recommend this game to any one looking for intense FPS destruction game. I payed $5 when it was on sale, however I think the original price of $20 is worth it, especially if you can get some friends in on it. Rating: 7/10
When I installed this game it came with a vial of Anthrax. 0/10
This is going to be a short review because I'll definitely change it. For now, I don't recommend it. Why? Because it doesn't have enough content yet (in my opinion). I've been playing Space Engineers (made by the same people) and it has plenty of things to do and see, while, for the similar price of $20, Medieval Engineers just doesn't quite have enough to warrant the price tag.Yes I know it is Early Access, and the base building is absolutely awesome, but I found myself playing for about 20 minutes and then getting bored. I will definitely change this review in the future when more content is added and when multiplayer is added. I regret buying it at this stage (21/02/2015).
I just wanted to give this game another thumbs up.
dat is good
