Kill things with lightning, kill things with the 7 things that aren't lightning, freeze your friends, summon rocks to shatter your friends, ignore their pleas for you to revive them!Magicka is a game with water, life, shield, cold, lightning, arcane, earth and fire. Now obviously summoning cold and water makes ice, or summoning fire and water makes steam, but you can make a life beam with water infused into it, healing and wetting your friends and making them succeptable to zapping them with special abilities like steam, lightning, arcane, lightning to do 15,000 damage!Now, this isn't just a game where you can kill your friends - there's a story where everyone speaks all bouncy and you can kill all the NPCs with crazy combos that do varying amounts of damage and it's kind of tricky to get them right. But that's for singleplayer; if you have friends you will literally want to kill them, kill them and then feel better.Ruin everything - Magicka.
It's a good game, but it crashes every time you play it for 30-40 minutes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S3nCc0nl_toEditor's note: I didn't uninstall the game I like it too muchAlso the bass fishing is really interactive and fun. Explains through flashing rod stress meters what you have to do, they will break your line and you need to ♥♥♥♥ with the drag on your reel to get your fish; feels like a true challenge everytime you land a nice fish. 10/10 best game, best game, 9/10, 5 stars, 4 stars, 5 stars.The float fishing is realistic, reminds me of dangling bread off the bridge in my local park and catching carp with a handreel.Levelling up takes time and is nicely balanced.The graphics are astounding, the game looks better than Unreal Engine 3 and it's made in bloody Unity. You could never tell it was an engine generally thought of as bad. It's smooth and pretty. Early access probably means some bugs will happen and stuff, but it should be okay as long as it doesn't stay in Early Access forever.
Such a classic game, I remember downloading this in like 2005 from tucows.Top-down survival game that's hard as balls. Crafting is rare and the things you do craft change the game completely. Don't get mobbed in the first few areas until you have a decent weapon - you can also die from heat exhaustion pretty easily too. If you make a food generator you can have more food than usual, but the food supplies are only edible fungus otherwise, which is spread out all over the map and guarded by aliens.Aliens will eat you, you will die from the environment, this game is really fun.Highly recommend.
The game would be okay if it wasn't so ♥♥♥♥ing buggy.
Getting over the controls was tough. Lots of pretty graphics, fun if you put time into it, not a casual game.
Way more memory hungry than text adventure roguelikesBut so many unlocks I need them all
