You can pee in a 360 motion while standing in front of a toilet while your other heist members *Lucky* look at you in disgust. 10/2 Somebody give Andy Schatz a jarate
Do you like pwning your friends with guns and other weapons? Exploding your foes and the enviroment? Dragon punching your enimies faces? Well you've come to the right place! In this game there are tons of weapons at your disposal to murder your friends or AI's. You will also be able to change the rules to your liking . This game is fun with friends!... or without...
Live the life of Chen Yibing from the 2012 Chinese gymnastic team, as he struggles with family issues, crazed sushi chefs, and escalators.10/10 Engaging story, precise physics and breath-taking graphics
This is a great co-op game for up to six players. It's an online fps which allows you to kill monster alien mutations!It has great graphics and gamplay and also a hint of horror in the mixture. This game delivers players a thrill, crowding you in a monster mash of enemies hoarding towards you. Wave after wave different monsters appear with different abilities, similar to L4D2. Once you have completed all the waves you will be faced with the Patriarch, a powerful scientist mutation and the last resort to take you out. This game is best played with a friend or two, but just make sure they don't wield you into a room full of monsters...Sounds fun? Because it is. I recomend this to people who enjoy fps's and a bit of horror.
This game is addicting. It-'s like pinball but upside down? To pass the levels you must take out orange pegs (dots) on the board. As you journey to be -a peggle MASTER-  you will meet some along the way (ten to be exact). Every master gives a special power to help you in different ways. Towards the end of the game it gets frustratingly Hard. There a more orange pegs that appear on the board and you only have 5 shots, you-'ll have to plan your shots strategically. But don-'t worry there are also several ways of getting more shots. The only thing i dislike about this game other than the difficulty is the lack of levels. There are 55 of them but i tend to finish them quickly.  Other than that i think that this game is enjoyable to play if you have free time. This game is also made by popcap the same people who made plants vs Zombies. If you do enjoy this game you should check out Peggle Nights and Peggle Extreme which is Peggle with valve based levels. Boy that was a lot of writing.
