 Recieiver Games rarely consider the details of ammunition. The amount of rounds a player carries shows up as a number in the interface, and reloading requires nothing more than tapping a button. Actually handling and managing the bullets that go into a gun is a complex task, however. Receiver, an first-person shooter (FPS) from Wolfire Games, wants to remind us of that fact. Unfortunately, it never makes it clear why we should care.Receiver drops the player into a randomly-generated set of rooftop rooms and tasks him with recovering 11 tapes of droning narration (without subtitles) and that explain the game's story. The player begins with an unpredictable loadout including one handgun in one of various states and some ammunition. The player may also start with a flashlight or, if his gun is semi-automatic, a spare magazine or two. He must then move through the multi-tiered linear world looking for the tapes, which can be frustrating since one can go through at least nine rooms in a row without encountering a single one. I myself haven't managed to get all 11 in a single playthrough before dying.The game only has two kinds of enemies: a stationary gun turret and a flying drone, both of which can kill the player with a single hit. Each has some associated visual cues, but most of the time the player will need to hear their alert chirps to know when he's been spotted and when it's safe to move. The distribution of enemies changes, and on rare occasions they can be avoided. Because enemies are difficult to evade and pickups can be hard to see, however, killing everything in a room is generally the only option.Receiver started as a response to a seven-day FPS challenge and definitely feels like it, from its spare graphics to its room-entry stutter. The hook for the game is that it presents the process of actually reloading the firearm in a significant level of detail. The HUD has no ammo count, and bullets do not magically fly from the corpses of your enemies into magazines the player can swap out every time he takes a breath. Rounds must be gathered manually and loaded into magazines by hand, with the gun safely tucked away. If there's no spare magazine, the player has to eject the empty, refill it, then shove it back home again. The only way to know the number of bullets remaining is to remember how many have been fired or check by eye.Receiver fails to establish that the complexity of gun handling matters. The detailed reloading scheme doesn't speak to the story, the aesthetic, or the other mechanics. Receiver doesn't treat aiming or shooting the weapon with the same carefulness it reserves for reloading, and doesn't fiddle much with the basics of movement, yet running and shooting are the core verbs of the game. By making the world randomly generated, the developers give up the opportunity to design encounters where efficient reloading matters. As a consequence, becoming more skilled with the game's most intricate systems doesn't make a player any more likely to succeed. Receiver's complex gun-handling mechanics are irrelevant in the context of its larger design.That's a shame, because the larger design has nothing to recommend it. The perfunctory story and low-poly world of Receiver aren't interesting to explore in their own right, much less when one must overcome the game's unforgiving difficulty. The choice to generate the world randomly might add replay value, but it also adds much to the frustration level while costing the game the ability to present rewarding encounters that highlight its unique mechanics. Receiver has a neat idea at its core, but that didn't translate into an interesting game.Final Score:  3.5   4 /10 
Hmmm GTA IV. -GTA IV is a game with a compelling and nonlinear storyline, a game with a great protagonist who you can-'t help but like, and a game that boasts a plethora of online multiplayer features in addition to its lengthy story mode. It-'s not without some flaws, but GTA IV is undoubtedly the best Grand Theft Auto yet- ―Justin Calvert, Gamespot executive editor.That pretty much sums up the whole game. I had a really good experience with GTA IV, and it was very fun to play. I have invested 3-4 hours on this game now, and I do not regret buying this game. At first, Nico (main character) may be slow in movement, and it will be hard to drive cars. Once, you get used to the game, it will really fun to play. There so many missions ta you can choose from (eg. Go bowling with Roman, go on a date with Michelle, go beat up some people for Vlad and do jobs and earn money for Roman).A game that offers this much is a really good buy. I very much suggest buying this game!The only big issue with this game is the DOWNLOAD and RUNNING the game. It was very annoying that when I downloaded it, I couldn-'t run this game due to a bunch of errors. THIS IS HOW TO SOLVE IT: http://depositfiles.com/files/exnxnkwkj. Download those files, extract them and put ALL of those files into your GTAIV Folder.If you dont know where your GTAIV Folder is, well, its here: OS (Hard Drive) > Program Files(x86) > Steam > SteamApps > Common > Grand Theft Auto IV > GTAIV. Put all those files there and your game will workScore: 9/10 (still has some minor flaws and the download is corrupted)
At first glance, Terraria seems to be a lackluster indie game with a clunky, confusing interface and a list of crafting options a mile wide. Especially for you Minecraft transplants, you’ll initially find the flat, side-scrolling perspective a bit off-putting after countless hours having been spent in an immersive, 3D environment. Take some time to adjust your lenses, however, and you’ll discover a game that’s both deep and almost endlessly entertaining.In Terraria, you are plopped into a randomly generated world, your only task is to explore, survive and thrive. Survival isn’t even top of your “to-do list”, as the minor penalty of losing coins upon death is nothing more than a momentary set-back for the most part. The real driving force behind Terraria is its amorous advances of exploration, drawing you in with suggestive displays of pots and vases in surface-level caves, before luring you deeper with promises of heaving chests and rich ores.There is a wealth of fun to be had with this game, but accessing it can be an insufferable challenge to start out. Without any solid tutorials in-game, your left to wander the world, clueless as to what to do. The guide, a starting NPC, can give you useful tips here-and-there, but without any discernible goal to achieve, it’s hard to see the appeal at first. Building a shelter is a confusing chore, crafting weapons; an alien concept, and survival at night is a daunting task. Plus, once you’ve mastered single player, you can take your character online, to tackle all the challenges the world has to offer with a few friends; or simply start from scratch and carve a new adventure (boss battles are certainly easier, but never-the-less challenging). For the small price to buy into this title, you’ll get more than your moneys worth in gameplay. (Available to buy through Steam)Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’ve got some Hellstone armour to craft, a Demon Alter to find and an Eater of Worlds to slay.Score: By yourself: 5/10With friends: 8.5/10
I didnt really like this game and I quit shortly after trying it out. The look of this game is appealing, but I didnt get what to do as I was randomly talking to people wanting directions. There was no tutorial that tells me what to do or the controls. It wasn't a fun experience for me and I will probably never play it again. Score (from my experience): 2.5/10 (Sorry for the hate)
TF2 is a massively multiplayer game, with lots of game modes to choose from and 9 unique classes to play. Teamwork is essential in this game, and unlike many other games, it has trade servers where you can trade items and acheivement idle servers. This is by far one of the best free to play games on tf2! There are many hats and weapons for you to acquire (including Strange weapons and Killstreak Weapons).That was before the  Love and War Update. Now, in my opinion, I think that there are way too many taunts in this game. First, there were a few, and that didn't affect the game a lot, but now, in nearly every server, someone has to be doing the Conga taunt. I like the Conga taunt, but when you use it, most people will forget what the main purpose of this game is (kill). Nevertheless, I still love playing this game. Score: 9.5/10 (Too many random taunts in the game)
Well, this game was pretty decent tbh. The early stages of this game were boring and repetitive, but as you progress, you can quickly build up armies and destroy other civilizations. This game is not as good as Civ 5, but it is quite fun to play. There are still some bugs left in this game such as the military troops gliding through spots and flying through mountains (not natural movements). The tutorial is really good and Sid Meier tells you everything that you should know about the Civilization games. The expansions are pretty useless, unless you want some variety in leaders to choose from and troops.Overall, this game can be improved and is definately not worth $20 (mabye $10).  Score: 6.5/10 (yeh, im being optimistic)
