To see some gameplay check here:https://youtu.be/_k6dJXBIsrkTL:DR: This is a fun game, but I think it might be a bit expensive for the content given, if you can get it for $5 definitely pick it up, though! 6.5/10 Review My Paper Boat is a cute little game in which you play as a paper boat sailing around different landscapes, environmentally it is incredibly beautiful and the controls are on point for what a paper boat would be. Gameplay wise, there are 3 different game modes, two of which feel very similar, the third, aim mode, is quite unique and really fun. To me, this game is definitely more of a relaxation activity than a full on game. Pros   Beautifully crafted environments that feel very real.  Controls are spot on.  Music is great, ambient sounds are very calming in game.  Levels are very long.  Boat Customization is neat, lots of different options for flags, etc. Cons   Only 3 game modes with 5 maps, can get boring quick.  No sound options in the menu, the sound blasted out my ears when I opened the game.  Coin Collection feels very similar to Rally. Conclusion This game is clearly beautifully crafted with a lot of love, the music and graphics are stunning, the ambient sounds are accurate for the areas, the controls are spot on for how a paper boat would control. Sadly with only 3 game modes, two of which feel very similar and 5 maps, although each map is quite long, the game got boring rather quickly and left me feeling wanting for more to do. I'd love to see a racing mode against AI or even multiplayer? to give far more replayability of an otherwise great game.6.5/10
Interested in seeing some gameplay? see below!https://youtu.be/IwtMIruBpaQTL:DR: If you like sidescrollers, or the ty universe as a whole, definitely pick it up! 8/10 Review Ty the Tasmanian Tiger 4 is the forth installment in the Ty series, this one departs from the original 3D platforming game to a more traditional 2D sidescroller. As a huge fan of the first three games, I was worried about whether this one would hold up, but it smashed my expectations thoroughly!This game manages to take all of the features from the first 3 games and fit them into a sidescroller without feeling forced or out of place. Classic gameplay mechanics such as boomerang gliding and biting your way through flying eggs return as well as collectables such as koala children and thunder eggs! There's a whole host of unlockable boomerangs and costumes to pick up with your opals and every tassy tiger from the game is represented. Pros   Fun sidescrolling gameplay, responsive controls.  Plenty of unlockables  Music similar to the original trilogy.  Large levels with hidden content all over the place.  Environments are interesting and diverse, from the Australian outback, to deep below the sea. Cons   Lots of references to previous games, players new to Ty may get lost at times.  Not a 3D platformer, somewhat disappointing to older fans.  No voice actors, which were a huge part of the original trilogy's appeal. Conclusion Whether you're a seasoned Ty veteran or a newcomer to the series, there's plenty of content in this game to enjoy the graphics and music are reminscent of the original trilogy and the gameplay mechanics are both easy to learn and satisfying to use, definitely pick this game up!8/10
If you want to see some gameplay:https://youtu.be/x8S_1drZnYQEdit: New gameplay video is up and shows more of the game. Review changed a bit below. Review Albino lullaby is an exploration based horror game by Ape Law, in it you play an unnamed character who wakes up in a strange mechanical house and must explore to find out why you're there and what brought you there. Pros   Grapics, are beautiful and interesting, with a style reminiscent of crayon colouring books.  The music is beautiful, at times haunting.  The atmosphere created in this game through the clever use of music and sounds is very creepy and gives a feeling of emptyness throughout gameplay.  The backstory is interesting and very discomforting, the way the story is given through the use of scattered notes as well as environmentally (such as the dentist chair seen in the screenshots above) is very intuitive and to some degree allows players to choose how much story they want to ingest.  Gameplay is simple, the game is easy to pick up and play (double edged sword, see cons.)  No jumpscares! They decided to not take the lazy way out when scaring players.  The weird head things are pretty neat. Cons   Found the game to lag quite a bit after the first play area. (I have a GTX 970 and I7 for reference)  Had issues with recording the game in some areas.  Gameplay is rather simple, meaning some players may easily become bored if they don't enjoy exploring.  When I first played I thought my character was a baby because of a glitch (can be seen in video), also couldn't run.  The game seems to crash if you tab out on the opening cutscene (not a huge issue, just don't tab out until you reach the start menu.) Conclusion This game is very well done in terms of fear factor and atmosphere, the music is beautiful and creepy which adds to the atmosphere of the game as well as giving the player something interesting to listen to. While the gameplay mechanics and puzzles are rather simple, I personally enjoyed the exploration aspect of the game enough that it didn't get boring to play. No jumpscares! not much more needs to be said about that. The story is discomforting and, at times, made me stop playing briefly to digest it, which is how a horror game should be.For content creators, this game can be quite buggy and I found it lagged substantially during recording, so unless you really want to record this game, maybe think about recording a different series.6/10 If you enjoy exploring worlds with a good backstory.5/10 otherwise.Original gameplay video for reference: https://youtu.be/erl0ymSqjmI
If you want to see some gameplay you can find my first impression video here:http://youtu.be/RIlaQtoLyX0TL;DR: fun game with nice graphics and great music, worth a buy if you-'re into more stealth and less action. 7/10 Review Master spy is an indie stealth platformer about (mild spoilers)  a spy hired by a corporation to steal a video reel and stop world war 3.  It-'s a very fun game and has beautiful pixel graphics, the music is great and, for the most part, the controls are tight. Pros   Beautiful pixel graphics  Great soundtrack with fast, energetic tracks to compliment the gameplay.  Simple to learn, hard to master.  No fighting mechanics, all about stealth, puzzles and speed. Cons   While playing with an Xbox 360 controller I had many inputs eaten.  Options menu could be a bit more robust. Conclusion This game is really fun and the difficulty ramps up quite quickly to ensure you don-'t get bored. The controls are very simple and the gameplay focuses on puzzles over any -action fighting- style gameplay, which is a refreshing change from games trying to cram in half baked combat ideas to otherwise wonderful games. The game seems to be a good length for the price and the story is good so far. All in all, definitely worth a buy if you-'re into more stealth and less action. 7/10
Interested in seeing some gameplay? see below!https://youtu.be/PCkK8FAouqATL:DR: If you like some complex logic puzzles then grab this game! 9/10 Review Human Resource Machine is a logic based puzzle game in which you play as a lowly employee of a large corporation slowly rising through the ranks of the company by automating each job. Automation of each job is achieved through the use of simple one line commands which combine to to create a sequential programming language. This game is both a challenging puzzle game and a great way to help new programmers into the world of programming. Pros   Challenging gameplay  Cute story  Replayability in the form of optimizing your code.  Great music and sound, appropriate for the environment.  Super cute graphics. Cons   Only uses sequential programming, where modern programming uses much more object oriented.  Very logic based, definitely not everyones cup of tea for a puzzle game.  While the music is great, there is very little variation in songs, so it can get a little repetitive. Conclusion Whether you-'re new to the world of programming or a veteran coder this game is fun and offers varying levels of challenge for everyone. The  cute graphics, very -corporate- soundtrack and   relatively dark-t storyline all combine to create an amazing little game with a good amount of content for its price. Definitely worth picking up for anyone who enjoys programming or puzzles in general.9/10
Interested in seeing some gameplay? see below!https://youtu.be/ooQb1ef_84cTL:DR: Cheap but fun roguelike survival game, some way to go before it's finished, but well worth the price with the current content! 7.5/10 Review Rogue Harvest is a roguelike survival game, with permadeath and gameplay similar to that of hardcore Minecraft or Terraria. In Rogue Harvest you play as the survivor of a plane crash fighting to make sense of and survive in the hostile world in which he's found himself. The gameplay is fun and currently semi-deep, there's several tiers of content for each item (from 2-4 depending on the item) and you are free to create some awesome looking houses to defend yourself with. Pros   Graphically the game is beautiful, enemies look super cool.  Build system is intuitive and fun.  Procedurally generated terrain allows for interesting gameplay between playthroughs Cons   Audio can become repetitive.  Procedural generation can screw you in the early game (I got killed by a high level monster upon spawning in my first world)  Early access can always be a gamble, although this game seems to have a good track record so far. Conclusion Graphics: 8/10The graphics for this game are beautiful, the enemies are varied and interesting to look at, and the buildings look cool when finished.Audio: 7/10The audio is nice at first, and matches the game world well, but feels repetitive and can get annoying after a while.Gameplay: 7.5/10The gameplay is fun and interesting, similar to most games of this genre. There could be more tiers of items, and hopefully more will be added throughout the early access process. I couldn't find much of the story during my playthroughs, but I don't last long and I think I accidentally skip a lot of the dialogue.Overall: 7.5/10The game is enjoyable and interesting, for the low price of $6 I can't see this ever being a bad purchase, there's plenty of content to ingest and the randomly generated worlds keep things interesting.
