 This game is a joke. Warface is a try-hard, want to be Call of Duty with clunky, awful gameplay whilst trying (and failing) to implement tactical features and functions. Warface also has one of the worst Pay-2-Win systems I have ever experienced and actually makes me cringe to the core. There is an in-depth review below but the bottom line is; Don-'t play it. In-Depth Review  Gameplay Like I said above, the gameplay is clunky and doesn-'t -flow- well. I often find that sprinting makes my screen clanky and jagged and when I shoot my weapon it seems too.....rough? Pardon my low-effecient vocabulary. Tactical Play (with some community banter) One of the tactical features in Warface is to help one of your poor-tasted buddies onto a higher ledge and vice versa. I don-'t think the Devs knew how sh*t their games community was going to be (hint: it-'s very similiar to COD, maybe even worse) These features seem tacky and useless, used just to add some -innovation- to their game. Pay-2-Win Never in my life have I played a game where I have to RENT an ingame gun and not have the choice to keep it permanently, despite all those hard-earned game duckets I spent on it. Note: I haven-'t played that much of the game and do NOT have a full understanding of the market system. EZ game EZ life I-'m really bad at Call of Duty, like awful, so I assumed that I would be bad at this also, that was until I went on a 15 kill streak in my first game. I know the majority of FPS is all just -point-n-shoot- but come ON FAM, THIS IS TOO EASY! Theres next to no recoil control or bullet drop, you can kill some nerd across the map with a couple of well placed bullets from the standard, beginner assault rifle and the slide feature allows any skirken to slide inbetween my legs and topple me even if he has awful aim NO SOUTH-PACIFIC REGIONAL SERVERS WTF!?!?! Crytek seems to think the world is a weird, pacman sort of shape because they apparently don-'t know New Zealand, Australia, Fiji, Tonga, Samoa etc exist because they didn-'t create any f*cking dedicated servers for them, this is a personal issue but it should be resolved regardless of how bad the rest of the game is. The Wrap-Up Game is bad, play Blacklight instead (That game is rad)
 BIG ALPHA REVIEW I came into playing the -Big Alpha- for Evolve with low expectations, I have never played a game thats in Alpha before and expected a broken, barely playabale piece of trash, but I can pleasantly say that the Alpha is surprisingly well polished! THE GOOD STUFF The gameplay is exciting, I often find myself on my toes, always alert for the -Monster has startled the birds icon- I couldn-'t wait to spring into action with my team mates. Playing as the monster is just as exciting, always on the prowl, sniffing out your enemies as you devour the wildlife and become so powerful, the hunters become the prey.The classes the game provides (Assault, trapper, medic and support). Everyone has their own job and if one falls, the hunters may find it difficult to survive. The class system makes it important for Teamwork to exist within the game, making it a very good game to play with friends.Even on low graphics (had to turn it down due to optimization issues, more on that later) the game looks great, enviroments are lush and the dark, gloomy time setting makes the games atnosphere that much better THE BAD STUFF I-'ve read other reviews and forums and it seems that alot of people are having issues with the game, even with powerful systems, admitedly my system isnt -'Top Tier-' but it-'s no scrap yard and I was having issues running the game on High, to get a smooth, enjoyable experience I had to turn the graphics down to Low. However I didn-'t expect much less, it is in Alpha after all.The loading times took ALONG time, I mean 10-15 minutes long just to get into a bloody level! I kept having audio issues, gun sounds repeatedly going off when I wasn-'t firing etc, quite irritating THE CONCLUSION It-'s good, its very good....FOR AN ALPHA, you need to keep that in mind when playing something that isn-'t a full release, the devs have already said they are continuing to add on to this game and have a very clean, polished game out in Febuary.I highly recomend this, unfortunately I am writing this on the last day, I will ofcourse try to get a couple more hours in, so lets hope the full game is as pleasant as this.
Counterstrike: Global Offensive truly differs from the other modern AAA shooters that are released. PROS:-CS:GO has a variety of game modes that appeal to the general fan base of first person shooters (Such as Deathmatch and Arms race) but keeps its core focus on the classic 5V5 diffuse mission that every Counterstrike fan knows and loves.-The game encourages team tactics and cooperation between team mates, which can be difficult due to the occasional prat who decides to wedge the bomb inbetween the car next to T spawn and a wall. But when you DON-'T have a team mate with the IQ of a drooling two year old you can effectively develop stratergies that work with your team , whether its full of strangers or some of your closest friends. Friendships are made!-The mechanics of the game push a new player through a steep learning curve with difficult recoil control or making sure they stay fairly quiet, both of these things can ruin first impressions but can easily be learnt and adapted to over time.-There is a wide variety of maps with ocasional DLC coming out every season containing new maps and weapon skin cases.CONS:-The -Valve Anti-Cheat- doesn-'t seem to be working that well Gabe, now, this may just be a personal issue seeing as the servers you auto-connect to depend on your region (The oceanic reigon for yours truly). But I constantly run in to people with obvious aim-cheats, wall-cheats etc etc which really ruins the game.-I got a ban for -kicking too many people in previous games-...excuse me? I consider myself to be a pretty fair guy and I understand that not everyone can 4K clutch, so I only vote to kick someone if they-'re doing worse than a BOT would or being a giant ♥♥♥♥, in these cases, these players were being tremendous knobs (killing team mates, throwing the bomb into unreachable places, playing rap music down their microphone etc) Therefore I the teams I was playing on came to a mutual agreement to kick the players, I just think the reason for the ban is a load of cack.-Aaah yes, Skin cases, now, I-'m not really considering this a -con- as its not Valves fault for making me spend that much money T.T only open cases/crates if you have the money! You will regret itDespite the couple of negative things I had to say, I give counterstrike a whole heartedly 9/10, if a game can make me as angry as this one can, it means it deserves a pretty solid rating. I recomend this game to any one thinking of getting it but with a warning, this game is harder to learn than your average shooter, don-'t go in with the mind-set that you-'re going to wreck people in your first day, you won-'t, and thats good, its just the beggining soldier.
