Massively Addictive!!!!I Play this for hours on end just trying to find each combination
Warning before looking at this game:This game is designed for a specific type of personOnly get it if you enjoy Metroidvania games. This game is extremely difficult and you should at least watch a small bit of gameplay to see if you will enjoy it or not.But without further ado, lets begin the reviewThe Good (Pros)+Varied weapon choices (A boomerang, a throwing axe, a bow and several swords)+Many refeerences (Zelda, Castlevania, Metroid, Mario just for a few examples)+Often save points (you-'ll be saving many many times)+Very hard (There-'s an achivement for dieing 500 times even)+Easter eggs galore+Amazing art style.+Tight controlsThe Bad (Cons)-Once again, difficulty.-No obvious map leading to consult a guide which there is only one i can find.-Can access the later areas of the game at the very start.-One-hit death spikes nearly everywhere in the game-FPS Drops During certain bosses (60FPS to 20FPS) Unlike other games, this relies on pixel perfect platforming sometimes and even a normal enemy can lagg the game. And this isn-'t just my laptop as I have seen this as a common problem--Level up your knight with wildly different abilities-: you can switch armour, magic and weapon. And the magic is the thing that you will need to switch.Should you buy this?As i said, if this looks fun and you can endure hard platforming, battles etc. then go ahead and buy it!If not: then look somewhere else, but i reccomend it.
IntroI don't really have anything to put here xD. i just thought I should put something here before starting the review!StoryWithout giving too much away, the game starts with you getting shot in the head. After waking up, you enter the first town and begin your trip. Most of the lore is in vaults and other assorted adbandoned places. At a certain point, the game allows you a selection of four different storylines that you can choose from.GameplayAs it is in Fallout 3, the game is still an FPS and plays like other RPG FPSs from the past generation. With 5 primary weapon types (guns, energy weapons, melee, unarmed and explosives) you can easily change up your play style or even do a pacifist run.Character customisationOh man, where to start? Beginning with purely cosmetic changes, there are probably a couple hundred different character customisations you can make. Going into more gameplay style changes, S.P.E.C.I.A.L. stats reappear in this game. As for those of you that have never played or seen a Fallout game before, S.P.E.C.I.A.L. stands for Strength, Perception, Endurance, Charisma, Intelligence, Agility and Luck. I'm not going to go over what they are used for as you can probably easily search it or find a guide. There are also about 10 or so minor skills, that I'm not going to go over here as this review is long enough as it is. Next, there are perks that you can select every even level (2, 4, 6, 8, 10 etc. for those that aren't bothered remembering what the even numbers are) that you can use for bonus skills such as bonus gun damage. Lastly, as is pretty obvious, you can freely change all your equipment and weapons at will.MusicMost if not all, of the music, is older stuff but i appreciate it anyway. The music is fitting enough with the game's tone, being old 19- somethings music.The negativeThe worst part about this game is just the amount of bugs you can encounter. I don't know if my laptop is weird or something, but I've only experienced 2 crashes. Aside from that, there is practically nothing that I have bugs with. If you have played Fallout 3 or seen footage of either that or this and it looks like a game you would play, pick it up. If it doesn't interest you, then you most likely won't enjoy it.Overall ThoughtsFirstly, keeping in mind i skimmed over the DLC and companions and sorts, the game is quite expansive. I've spent 33 hours on it already and im not even up to 40% of the way complete.From this, i give the game a 9/10 from the very few bugs that I've encountered!
This is amazing.But you should probably get this only if you have spare money. not worth prioritizingA short video i did on the game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6HOK64Artgc
This Game Is Hilarious with many references to anime and other videogames. The Game has 4 chapters each with 4 levels. The game also comes with an endless mode which has every single level endlessly repeating. The bonus modes are hilarious and the game has a free DLC mode in which people can upload their own levels made with the level creator in which you get from getting gold in every scenario  in chapter 1. The game is essentially endless for $5.00 and one of my favourite steam games.
