A brilliant remake of the original THPS, however I have faced a few bugs in the game, including several occasions where I would get stuck in the environment (whether in be between a railing and half-way into a wall) and would keep on bailing, followed by falling through the floor every now and then. I have also experienced bugs with the SPECIAL bar, where it would decide to appear off-screen. This is not an issue with my resolution (1920x1080) as it has appeared normal most of the time.The graphics menu is appauling, with the only setting that you can change being the resolution (there is no other menu that allows you to tweak the graphical settings).The gameplay itself is pretty standard, following after the original game like it should.Overall, looking past the bugs and issues, I still recommend Tony Hawk's Pro Skater HD.
This game is quite simple, yet hilariously entertaining at the same time. A nice variety of pre-made maps comes with the game, but luckily enough there is a Workshop available for Turbo Dismount, meaning a constant stream of player-built maps are available (some really good ones are already out and make the game even more gruesomely fun!).Players are able to pick from a variety of vehicles, then edit certain points of the current map with obstacles, or ramps and nitro pads. Depending on what vehicle you choose, you can also choose what position and pose your character is in. Following this, you choose the direction you want your vehicle to travel in.This combination causes for insane results, quite entertaining as an Early Access Game.I would definitely recommend this to anyone who enjoyed the previous Dismount games, or want to get into them.
What a grand game! As someone who has spent years improving his typing skills (my current record is 118 WPM), this game is so much fun to play. I haven't played the original Typing of the Dead game, so I can't really compare it to how it was before, but this itteration of the game is magnificant. I do admit, I have a few audio problems at times including sounds or even music not playing when they're supposed to. The graphics are acceptable, as it's a port of an older game, it's nice to have that classic feeling!As for the DLC, I see a lot of people complaining about it only being wordsets and they didn't want to pay for it, but I think $2.99 is agreeable -- it's not that much to pay.Awesomely enough, it also comes with House of the Dead: Overkill, which instead of typing, you use the mouse (or if you're lucky, a USB gun or something) to shoot the zombies instead!
I deleted my old review because I wanted to REALLY review it.This game is incredible. Absolutely mind-blowing. It will make you puke rainbows for days.The atmosphere of the game is great! No matter where you are, you've still got just enough content to really take in your environment even from the top-down perspective. Each act, in itself, is a different environment and even in those acts, you explore all different lands and experience a smooth looking game.Each class is unique is lots of ways. There's the Charge system, which holds unique benefits depending on what class you are. All the classes have their own benefits but all in all, no matter what class you are, you can always use any weapon you want.  For example, want to be a Embermage wielding a pistol in one hand and donning a shield in the other? Be my guest. However, not every skill each class has will be compatible with every weapon.Unfortunately, a lot of the quests are quite bland and are pretty much the same every act. It's usually getting you to travel to a dungeon, complete the dungeon and kill the boss at the end to progress. Side quests range from collecting an item to also going to a dungeon and killing its boss.Once you finish the game, you can proceed into New Game+, holding harder monsters with higher rewards (it starts at your level, too), or you can complete a few maps, which are basically dungeons in themselves, but sometimes hold strange benefits or disadvantages. Alternatively, though, you can check out the Steam Workshop for user-created content -- some of it is amazing!All in all, Torchlight II is a magnificant game, and I feel it was worth the wait (I pre-ordered it then waited months 'till it finally released). I've finished it twice already on an Engineer and Embermage, but already started my third playthrough on an Outlander. I recommend picking this up if you're a Dungeon Crawler fan! It'll be well worth your time. Thank you for reading, and have a good day/night.
Such a phenomenal game, definitely a must-play for people who like platformers.It'll change your life.It'll also teach you how to read tetronimos.I recommend playing with a controller, as well.(also, get the soundtrack)
