Today I am reviewing an Indie-horror game called Outlast.In this game, you play a man named Miles Upshur, a freelance journalist who has the balls to get into any situation. An anonymous tip sends him to a mental hospital which is named Mount Massive Asylum (I know, it-'s a stupid name for an insane asylum). This specific asylum is owned by a company which is known for it-'s corrupt dealings. And has been rumored to be doing secret experiments inside the asylum itself. Upshur finds this rather interesting and decides to go to this hospital and prove whether said experiments do take place. Or not. When things quickly descend into darkness, Miles becomes more eager to get out of the building, with his sanity intact. When I first bought this game, I was excited to play it. I-'d finally bought a game which only gave you limited supplies, complex puzzles and things to be afraid of. I bought it, it ran faster than  I would-'ve expected first off. I honestly believed it would be rather slow, perhaps it-'s because I play it in a windowed mode, maybe not. As soon as the first chase began, I was excited, I loved the thrill of knowing that the one thing your were fighting was always behind you. And you had to do whatever you could to hide whatever was chasing you. The puzzles were fairly frustrating, I had some trouble with certain bits. There was always something stopping you and you never got all the hints at first which gave the player more to discover. The atmosphere showed clearly how such a game like this should be portrayed. And it shows it realistically. For these events could actually take place in the modern day world. It had graphic scenes which not many horror games actually let you view for instance Amnesia or Slender. The fact that it-'s at night time (which most horror games are) makes it even more gloomy than what it should be perhaps. The dismembered bodies and the disturbing faces makes the horror game a much more memorable experience, whether you like it or not.Now for the cons: A few things bothered me about this game. Only a few, trust me, there are more pro-'s than there are cons. I found it rather annoying how the batteries used to charge the camera ran out in a couple minutes or so, only when you-'re using night vision, thank god. And they had only ever shown up where convienent, not in some random place, only where you-'d most need it if you-'re lucky. And I found it kind of stupid that when you-'re in a place, hiding from the current antagonists, when they see you, they go in the same route every time, they never mixed it up a little. And I noticed that if you were hiding under a bed in a room which had numerous amount, the game tries to make you heart pump by having them go to the bed beside, in front or behind you. And I found it annoying how they-'d always go to the same places when looking for you, it all seemed rather robotical.Finally, this is only my opinion by the way, it isn-'t the same for a number of people. In my opinion IT WASN-'T SCARY! I know what you-'re thinking now, -what?! how could he not find it scary? it was scary as ♥♥♥♥!- Well my opinion is, it-'s not scary buddy. I have played the entire game and this is a game which is supposed to be filled with jumpscares, I only jumped ONCE. ONCE. I was kind of amazed myself. It wasn-'t a game which kept me awake at night thinking about it. It was a game I found exciting to play when I was being searched for or chased after. I bought the game expecting myself to ♥♥♥♥ my pants. Well, that didn-'t happen. At all. But I didn-'t like it for the frights, I liked it for the thrill. So here are my pros:1. Thrilling game.2. Gives complex puzzles which you actually have to use your brain to figure out.3. Gives a unique atmosphere which makes the game independent from other games. 4. Has a realistic feel which can make you think if this is possible. 5. Lets players with lower graphic laptops or PC-'s join in (if you dare).6. Provides challenges which gives you the rush that every horror game needs.And here are my cons:1. Supplies are used to fast.2. Items and information only shows up where convienient. 3. Enemies don-'t stretch their minds when looking for the player.4. Tries to make you afraid they-'ll find you, but doesn-'t exactly succeed. 5. Not scary enough to fill my lust for horror.I recommend this game for anyone who is looking for a fun ride in the horror genre and can handle seeing disturbing images, I would say it-'s for the people 16 and up. But if you got the guts then 12 and up. So, in the end. My rating out of 10 for this game will be 7.9.Outlast, you give a thrill, not a chill.SusOnMe, signing off.  Game on Gamers.
Today I will write a review on the game called Garry's Mod, I will review the modes single player and multiplayer seperately...Single-player mode: In single player mode, Garry's Mod becomes a sandbox for the people who play it. You go onto a map made from either another game or made by the Garry's Mod team or by yourself. In single player, the player will start off with an avatar, a variety of weapons and tools and their own creative mind (if they have one). You will be given a large list of things to use such as NPC's, weapons, entities and props. By yourself, you can make anything that comes to mind for example a slide, challenge or a rollercoaster, maybe even a scene from a movie. If you feel like giving the gaming world a taste of your creativity, you can submit your creation to the world of gaming. The only annoying things about this is when you only have a limited amount of suppiles due to not having a certain game created by the same people who made this one, Valve. I have to say that if you want a bit of alone time whilst playing a game but you don't want to be under pressure, you might just find that this is just what you need. You can choose to go on a rollercoaster (which is rather boring in my opinion) or you can do something as crazy as having to fight off a large horde of zombies all at one with your only weapons being a machete and a crappy pistol (which doesn't take long for me, but I find it quite enjoyable. So if you're looking for a game/ game mode that's lets you do almost anything you want, this is what you might just need. Multi-Player mode: Multi-player mode provides you with a large variety of game modes, stretching from Role Play to Being a traitor among terroists. These game modes, allow you to play with people from all around whatever country you come from, sometimes even other ones! This could make you a social butterfly, or it could ruin your life. The game mode I find most sociable is Trouble in Terroist Town, more commonly referred to as TTT. There are hundreds of different things to do over the multi-player mode, and you can do it with friends too! Just a heads up is that most of the servers are run by a group of people, so don't intimidate them otherwise you're ♥♥♥♥ed. There are millions of possibilities in multiplayer mode, you can do things like go on adventures in sewers or build a bridge out of bathtubs. The one thing I found irritating about this is the lag spikes, but I guess that's my own fault. So if you want to be with friends while not with friends and have fun with them doing a large number of different thing, this might just be thing you're looking for. Okay so now for the Pros and the cons, I'll do them seperately for each mode...Single-Player mode:Pros:1. A chance to be alone and share creativity.2. Give yourself a challenge.3. Lets you do almost anything you want. 4. You can make the most simple things as random as you like. Cons:1. You might have some trouble if there's something you want to do with a friend, it may not let you. 2. Only lets you use the equipment you have from the games you own.3. If there's soemthing you're really desperate to use, it might not be avaliable or it could take too much time to get set up.4. Somethings you expect to be a challenge end up being easier than expected, giving you nothing to do.Multi-Player mode:Pros:1. Lets you do something specific with friends which can bring more enjoyment to whatever it us you're doing.2. Lets you socialise with other people, make friendships, maybe even relationships.3. If in a bad mood, beating others or ending up being the one on top can make you feel good. 4. Being out numbered in a fight can fill you with adrenaline and make it more exciting for you.Cons:1. Certain things you do could have a bad affect on your life, career or reputation.2. Modes can get rather plain and boring after a long period of playing.3. Restrictions.4. Not every person you meet will be nice, there are total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s on this game, but they normally float from server to server, which won't cause you much problems.In general, Garry's Mod is an incredible game made of games. It is a whole other genre of gaming, almost mastering Single-Player and Multi-Player mode. It is almost a world made from the minds of people just like you and me.I recommend Garry's Mod for anyone who is looking for a new experience in gaming and can have fun by playing either alone or with friends. This is a game for any age honestly, they just have to know what they're doing.My final rating for Garry's Mod is 8.4.Garry's Mod, you certainly don't disappoint.This is SusOnMe, signing out. Game on Gamers
