I personally believe that a dogfighting sim (thats basiclly what this is) should be more challenging in the fact that it should teach players how to judge the distance infront of other planes you should shoot then in competetive modes have no aiming spot infront of the planes telling you where to shoot. This personally ruined the game for me but whatever... :P
Personally, not really into MOBAs so for all who just want to know my personal opinion: No, i dont recommend it.For all those who bother to read as to why I dont good job to you! My personal taste in games I enjoy are SOME fps games, SOME tps and also city builders and rts games. So if you have the same game taste you may find this usefull. I personally believe that this game is boring and unsatisfying. One of my main reasons for unsatisfaction is that I was a WC3 player and so I more enjoy games with an isometric camera to be about building an army and/or base. I prefer commanding armies but less so commanding a singular hero. I PERSONALLY believe that MOBAs should be more like Smite with a third person perspective. This makes the game feel more fast paced (which MOBAs are usually). This is my personal OPINION so if you feel otherwise then feel free to disregard this entire paragraph you read.I DO WANT TO MENTION I'VE ONLY PLAYED 1 HOUR OF THIS GAME BUT STILL I FEEL GAMES SHOULD MAKE YOU FEEL SATISFIED AT LEAST 5-10mins INTO THEM
Guns of Icarus is and extremely fun game if you enjoy steampunk, firstperson shooters, comanding others, following orders, airships, co-op or just playing with friends. Before I talk about the positives I'm going to talk about the negatives which there are very few of yet still there. To start with it seems to be a bit expensive for what it is, I understand that maybe the devs need a bit more money to get more people into the game. Yet it does seem like it should be F2P seeing as it has microtransactions (optional) a difficult leveling up system and of course having the word online smacked straight into the title (not that all online games are f2p just that lots on steam are). The devs i think would get alot more sales if they lowered their prices down to below $10 or just make it f2p. Also at the time of this review post whenever I go on there only seems to be 100 - 400 people online which, lets be honest, isnt that much for a full online game, I have often either joined back to the same lobby I left or kept running into the same people even on different days. I do also understand that they cant just make more people play their game but this is still a flaw, it just needs time to fix.Dispite these negatives the game is still amazing, it has a vast array of mounted guns, repair tools, ammo types, power ups and it is a very team based game. The most amazing thing I've liked about it so far, is that it isnt just a run and gun shoot anything to move sort of game. There is actual strategy, for example if you had a motar and a gatling gun, yes the motar does more damage yet its not the greatest at taking down shields so you take down the shields with the gatling gun then fire the motar to do extreme damage and it takes down a ship faster then if you just shot wildly at them with both guns. SUM UP:Guns of Icarus is an amazing game and is some of the most fun I've had playing a game, if you're looking for a causual game to play it its probably not the best option but if you're looking for hours of intense fun with friends and other randoms this game is definatly worth the full $15 or even the $30 for 3 other copies to give away to your friends. This game is extremely recommended!
Dis game is good sahn. Only writing dis for da lols roflcopter
10/10 Voice Acting, would cry self to sleep again
10/10 would -Your Health is Critical!- again
