Very fun 9/10Could be called -4wd simulator- except they use all wheel drive.  A little more customisation would not be unappreciated, especially when you stuck in the mud with no quick options out.Playing online with friends is very fun.  Of the content that is there i would rate it 9/10 as there really isnt too much of anything to criticise and it has appropriate graphics with a great physics engine and realistic environment change. Your tires can clump with mud and you can dig a hole almost anywhere you do a burnout. Have not seen another offroad game that can compare.Biggest complaint with the game is the need for more content, it would be nice if they had some kind of -career mode- where you started with a stock car and upgraded it as you earned money. This may all be to come anyway as the game is new and in its trial stage.
hero based strategy game thats lots of fun, just feels more like it was meant for adults thant it rival game is.
this game could sell for much more than 10 dollars. SO MUCH FUN!!
a fun tower defense FPS game with lots of maps. has multiplayer campaign
10/10 A catergorised review for easy readingZoomThe strategic zoom alone is multiple steps ahead of other RTS's which seems insignificant but theres really no going back...Tech and ResearchAs with most RTS style games there are technology levels (3 with an experimental level as number 4) with multiple races (4 in this game), then there is an economy stucture based on Mass (harder to aquire) and Energy (easier to build).Units/MapsAll units (aside from Commanders) are robotic and large in size which helps to accomodate for the large maps. They range from 80km by 80km to 5km by 5km. Unit limits are adjustible but can go up to 1000 without modsCombat typesForms of direct combat range from space with satelites (but only ground fire with them), land combat, naval combat (including subermrines) and air combat. commanders are also capable of teleporting to destinations.Mods etcThe game comes with some mods built in that you can turn on or off as you please. On top of this there is a strong modding community which has made many types of mods and mappacks for the gameServersThe game has three online platforms to play on GPG been the original (they have run out of money and no longer exist) steam has a platform to play off and hosts the game as it was meant to be, FAF also are a player supported platform that is the largest in use with players across world using it (it is not all originall).OverallA very fun game with a strong player community (enough so that they have set up a player supported platform through donations to play on).A good story if you play and an amazing story if you read it
