This game tought me on how to rage and uninstall games 10/10 - IGN
The New Cookie Clicker
This game was a tough platinum to achieve but if you like games with amazing music, get this.
Costume Quest is a lovable adventure you will never forget and if you do forget it, you are dead to me. This game is a superb JRPG with great level designs which sometimes want you to get a walkthrough (I had to use a walkthrough about 3-4 times). The story is a bit short but if you did all side quests (like me), you would at least have about 6-7 hours put in this. If you didnt do all side quests, you would have approximately 2-4 hours put in this. The game is beautiful for a halloween-themed game. Coffins are chests, you can trick-or-treat houses for candy or enemy encounters, battle stamps which improve your character in fights and several comedic speeches for all ages. I absolutely adore this game. Just like in every RPG game, there is a leveling up system. In order to level up, you defeat enemies (just like every RPG). It does take quite a while to level up in this game but that made me want to farm enemies and destroy bosses. Every game (excluding racing games) contain bosses (I think). These bosses were rather time consuming but if you had the right costumes for your team, it would be a piece of cake. I did find one boss in the game rather annoying but dont want to spoil it. I would say something about the boss, but just wait till you fight her. There are costumes you find from side quests or just main quests. These costumes play a big part of the game not just because its the games title, but you actually get different move sets aswell. The costumes I found made the final boss a 1 try victory for me. The game can be a bit easy if you get guides on where the costumes are located and its pieces. There is another playable DLC you get automatically if you purchase this game on steam, called Grubbins on Ice. It's not extremely long, its about 1/3 of the games length. I did enjoy it though because it gave me three costumes, several battle stamps and a nice adventure. I would prefer playing this after the base game because everthing from your first save in Costume Quest, gets sent over into the DLC. It's pretty helpful. It is recommended to do that because enemies are about lvl 13 and your cap is lvl 10 (in the base game). This game is a master piece literally. I love it so much and for the price I got it for (99 cents in the 2015 holiday sale) it was worth it. If you see this game going for about $5 or less, purchase it immediately. THIS TITLE IS A MUST-BUY. I LOVE YOU DOUBLE FINE PRODUCTIONS!
Its alright
BEST...DLC....EVER
Realm of the Mad God is legit one of the best games I have ever played! I'm surprised an 8-bit MMORPG is F2P!!! Realm of the Mad God requires just 2 things. To install and play for the rest of your life. This game is one of my favorite games especially with friends. Whenever I get bored, I play this game and I get hooked on it for a ♥♥♥♥ amount of time (I bring my Laptop with me to lunch and dinner). I love the fact that the creators on this game have made it free to play like that is what makes me happy. I also love the fact you can work together and fight extremely hard bosses. You work your way up to fight Oryx the Mad God! This game is great and recommend playing. Its only like 18 mb so its pretty small for a great game. I'm giving this game a 11/10. Love it entirely, love everything about this game.
Nice and easy game but not a lot of people playing Gun Monkeys so im giving it....8.5/10
