What about this game? Well In general it's a Great Game.What's great about it? Well let's start off with the type of player you are.Basically I probably Just split to 3.If you are the type of guy/girl that loves to play a game for it's customization (Wink Wink Me) and obviously play shooter games in general (FPS/3rdPS) then APB:Reloaded has done it right. The shapes they provide is not alot but enough for you to find shapes to go to your design. Of coaurse this comes with a draw back which is the ammount of shapes you can put in. Where you have to get premium in order to get the best experience.I'm sure there are players who Just want to play it and meet friends depending on the other party If he/she is friendly and wants to make new friends or just plain playing with friends for the fun of it like CS:GO then this is also probably for those type of people,There are also the players that wanted to get GTA V BUT can't afford it. APB:Reloaded is another small game Just like it and for those players to enjoy. Sure you won't get the full experience of how GTA V actually plays. But it's close enough that people who play GTA:SA will stay in the game for a couple of months.Those to me is what make APB:Reloaded a Great Game to me. BUT Obviously there are drawbacks.The Animations/World/Lighting arn't the best BUT It will do just fine. Even tho Reloaded Productions Keeps teasing us about the new Engine or Lighting.........
A Must Play Game even if gameplay is 15 fps XD
OK For those guys who are saying/complaining that owh Season Pass does not Include Wild Run. FIRST of all Look at the Price Difference. Wild Run is the same Price as The Crew game itself. SECOND Season Pass for my experience is to Unlock Future cars not other DLC or the Expansion of maps. So don't go Complaining/Crying that Owh Ubisoft is being a ♥♥♥♥♥ and charge us for Season Pass and don't include Wild Run or some other future DLC. REMEMBER Season Pass DOES NOT include any DLC like Wild Run it only applies to new cars. So when you want to BUY This I recommend you to think through if you want more cars or you Just want the Base cars.
Being able to do the cool things as the anime shows? Idea is awesome.The only downsides I see is the gore. The blood dosen't feel real it feels diluted. But thats just my personal opinion. Other than just that the game is pure awesome :3
