if this kinda of thing is what you like then get it, its good!
THIS GAME IS FUN, community was low in beta but just flying around even in empty maps is a blast, visually and mechanically it is memorable.
Honestly this game is bad, I played 2 games and whilst i had some fun and some aspects like the vechiles or large gun selection but ALL that is meaningless when the game has HUGE holes.Visually this game has loads to love and they have added a lot of content but the weapons don't feel good and animations aren't smooth, try standing still and you will see the raptors slowlly go for a munch when they stand infront of you and then all that happens is the screen gets a little red.Compare that to a game like COD or maybe a good COOP survival like Killing Floor, the gun sounds in those games feel meaty and powerful and when someone sttacks you the whole animation flows, people don't stop moving and then move one arm with a knife whilst the rest of their body stays perfectly still, that is what the dinosaurs do. When you take damage in COD the screen would shake, you would hear grunts and a quick splash of red on the screen in the form of blood would appear. this is why this game feels so dull to me, no wieght to actions.Also mechanicly its dull, with dino's that just run at you and then a couple tanky ones where is the strategic puzzle? I dont know, it just seems to be shooting or driving.
having played through various stages of the beta, the current system feels too grindy, the weapons always look very similar when you customise them and higher level weapons are way too powerful because you can scarcely compete. there is fun to be had in this fast paced highly mobile third person shooter but it just feels like it misses the mark. highly customised weapons usually just mean a couple numbers behind the scenes and a different clip size, you live and die to quickly for you to play a completely different way based on whether or not your rockets scuttle or stick
textures aint great and you can screw yourself over by accident but the best explanation of the gameplay is taht i quit the first playthrough near the end becuase i couldn't do it, not good enough. second playthrough on hard i was a god beacuse the knowledge and experience i had really let me win battles. its fair. but for roleplaying its brillant, it doesnt enforce its view of morals on you, some charcters might but its not goign to say you are evil just because you had an oath or something. A true modern roleplaying classic
SOOOOOOOOOOOO GOOOOOOOOOOOD
