Have had a lot of fun with this game. Soundtrack is out of this world, and the game is punishing, but not artificially difficult. If you die, it's your fault.Artifacts let you add modifiers to your game, such as Glass, which gives you a 500% damage boost, but only 10% of your regular health. This, in addition to numerous character classes and items, makes the game have a lot of replay value, with each run being slightly different. Until you get the Command artifact, that is.My favourite element of the game is the difficulty slider. You genuinely feel rushed, as every few minutes the game gets harder, to the point where in later levels you will find yourself facing randomly spawned bosses from the first few levels. Or maybe that's a bug. I don't actually know :P But playing can become a real hassle later on, where you basically have to get a good ratio of items to time spent, and move on.You will not beat this game on your first try. That is a given. It is ball-crushingly hard, but in a way where if you play enough, the game becomes much more simple.Unlocking stuff is fun. Items are fun. Characters are fun.This review is a bit all over the place, I know, but I'd give this game a solid 9/10. It's the kind of game where I like to hop in, attempt a run or two, and go back to whatever I was doing.Just get someone to monitor your twitch chat. Standing still often will = death.
My Crusader became so paranoid he wouldn't give up bandages to heal a bleeding Leper because he was scared the Leper would use them for sinister purposes. The Leper bled to deathI made him flagellate himself as penanceHe became addicted to itI have no money to afford to cure his Rabies, Syphilis, Tetanus and a whole host of other disordersHe's also my strongest party member7.8/10 Too many tears - EyeGeeEn
A fun little relaxing time-waster. Physics are great, puzzles range from quite easy to incredibly difficult (but never impossible). Good for when you're sick of playing high-octane FPS games and want a bit of a break that'll still challenge you. One of those puzzle games that's easy to learn but hard to master. 9.5/10
