Great fun game. You can do literally anything. Theres stuff like: An elevator simulator, A Slender gamemode, zombie survival and of course... SANDBOX! Oh and the community support is MASSIVE. Lots of mods = Lots of fun.20/10 xD
I'm here to tell you a story. A story of a person (named Sebly), who bought a game. Sebly was playing TF2 one day, when he got a call on Skype. It was his good friend GamezBro. Gamez had bought a new game. Gamez said he was installing it at that very second. The game was called Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. Sebly had a Counter-Strike game. It was called Counter-Strike: Source. But Sebly had hardly ever played it. He had only bought it to fix the textures for Garry's Mod. A few minutes later, a message popped up in the corner of Sebly's screen. It read, 'GamezBro is now playing Counter-Strike: Global Offensive.' Sebly listened to Gamez as he played Counter-Strike for the first time. Sebly did this for the rest of the day. The next day he listened again. This happened for many days, until it was unbearable. Sebly bought the game. As it installed, Sebly impatiently sat at his computer, as he listened to GamezBro getting owned in a Team Deathmatch. Finally the download was finished. Sebly booted up the game. He started the tutorial (as he always did) and was mid-way through it when he had to go. Sebly miserably shut down his computer.Ok. Now onto the actual review. CS:GO is great. Easy to play, hard to Master. The game is very simple. Terrorists versus Counter-Terrorists. The Terrorists must plant the bomb at either the A or B bombsites, and the Counter-Terrorists must stop them. It feels great to rush into B on Dust II and plant the bomb, or to AWP someone through mid-doors. But the best feeling comes when you: Headshot someone from far away with and AK. Get 2 or more kills with a single bullet. Watch the CTs run around looking for the strategically placed bomb.  Get 2 knife kills in a row etc. There's a different feeling when you trade one of the many skins that are available in the game. The item system in the game is genius. You can find gun skins or weapons crates (which can be unlocked with a key), after a game is finished, which you can then trade. You can even put stickers on the guns :D.This game is a must-have. If you dont have it get it. 1000/10Thx for reading. Sebly.
This is a great game full of action and leading. When buying this game, I recommend getting the whole collection with Warband, Napoleonic Wars and Mount and Blade.10/10
Play with friends and this will take MANY hours out of your life.Valve. Thank you.
