First things frist. I really want to recommend dead by daylight to everyone, it is great game to play, but at this time a cannot for some reasons.1) Lobby simulator 2016. if you want the get your surivior perks, you must play in a lobby, this leave you eather getting into a lobby where everyone will bail so they can find there friends or you're the one doing it. i know they where trying to give you the spooky feeling of playing with random people to make it scary, but sometimes you just want people you can trust to play with. Just make a group with friends please.2) Call of duty would be proud. If you want to keep your rank as a survivor, NEVER,AND I MEAN NEVER GET HOOKED. Once you are placed on it, get ready to say bye to that rank point cause your about to have a sleep over with the killer, he will just sit at your feet till you're dead or some random thinks that the killer is afk and trys to save you, getting knocked out cold.3) Now watch me rank, now watch me de-rank. Now this part of my rant personaly makes me rage. The ranking system. Simple, if you want to rank, you need three things. A buddy, good internet connnection and luck, cause if you don't, you're in for a ride. to get your rank up, you must survive or kill. But your rank will go down if you die or not kill people, leave a game, D.C from a game (even if the killer has ♥♥♥♥♥♥ internet), if the killer or all survivor leave before the end of a game, hell even turning on four out of five generators on and escaping will (yes that did happen), and completing all the task at hand while your team mate sit in the bushes that end up getting you killed while they get escape because they don't care to help you or the camper killer is setting up for the night.This is only a few thing i don't like, but don't take my word on it. Experience the good annd the bad for yourself.If the team wants to make this game the best experience, please just let there be a friends lobby, the other stuff i can live with.Thank you for your time
