Now Payday is great in my books. The multiplayer games that I enjoy the most are the co-op team based games and this right here what I wanted. Its also a rare sight to see a game about pulling off heists and I immensely enjoy every heist the game has to offer. The combat is fun and visually the game is nice but the only problem like most online games have is it's lasting appeal. There are very few multiplayer games that are fun to play by themselves and sadly Payday are one of those games. Despite that it is fun to play with friends.8/10 A fun co-operative shooter with fun missions, good quality gameplay, and a unique setting to fix that heist itch.UPDATE: I don't usually update but I would just like to point out this game does indeed not have microtransactions. Happy trails everyone.
The Stanley Parable has to be one of the most unique games in the art genre. By giving the player the simple idea of choice it creates a world of possibilities. Often the game goes through the fourth wall and it's humor is as delightful as Portal yet the game has the creative license to go beyond Portal.8/10 A unique idea with multiple possibilities. Go and enjoy it's wonderful personality.
Fun game to go with a fun movie. Kung Fury: Street Rage is a simple game. Just hit enemies left and right to get points. It's quite fine and simple. From what I hear it's a simplified version of One Finger Death Punch but I've never played that though considering how this was quite fun I might have to pick up a copy.I can't really say too much about it. If you see the trailer that is what you're getting. It's an entertaining arcade game to play when you want to relax, nice graphics, music and easy to get into. You should try it out, it gets 7/10.
This game is quite fun. You can usually get this game dirt cheap on sales and they add content quite often. The combat is a little on the simple side but still fun. The best part about this game are the characters and their abilities. Each character has their own playstyle, personality and theme song (yes theme song) and you can play in whatever way feels comfortable. The cartoony saturday morning cartoon style is great and the music is okay. The theme songs and the opening is what you're gonna remember in the sound department. This game has a large community to back it up which is essential for online games no matter how much I wouldn't like to admit it. The only thing I wish is they would make more maps. 4 is okay but quite limited.This game is a good 8/10 for the fun it brings and the zany nature it brings which I quite like. A 2D MOBA that's fun with friends. Plus hyper intelligent Soviet space monkey with a jetpack.
Titan Souls is a simple game with a simple rule. One bow, one arrow and one hit. You defeat Titans and continue on to your quest. What is the quest? Well to defeat Titans and that-'s about it. The story isn-'t all that complicated and it doesn-'t really need to be but there are several areas with cave drawings and such so I presume there is a reason or a hidden message behind the game.The game as you-'ve probably seen above uses pixel graphics and personally I quite like it. It-'s good pixel art with a lot of vibrant colours and shading. The only problem I had was the main character. He/she looked a bit derpy to be quite frank. But all in all it-'s good.The game doesn-'t have any small time enemies, loot, gear, easter eggs or a lot of what we-'ve come to expect. It-'s all about the Titans which some people refer to as -Bosses- but since they-'re the only enemies in the game it-'s hard to justify that term. The bosses usually take one hit or have some armor you have to remove and I like it for the most part. It-'s cool defeating them but I it sometimes get-'s fustrating so you might want to take breaks when playing. Not that you probably need one since this is the game-'s biggest problem.It-'s too short.That-'s a bit of a shame. I liked this game but I think they may have stripped too much away from it. I know I may have missed some Titans but I didn-'t just run straight through the whole game. I died, I dawdled around corners to see if there was anything worth seeing but yeah the game was a bit short. However I believe this is a game that is meant to be replayed a lot on various modes and beating your score. If that-'s your thing then I think you-'ll have a better time and if not make sure you take this into consideration.The music I just have to mention. It-'s really danm fine stuff. A lot of soft melodies as well as tough brutal chords but you die so quickly you barely have enough time to hear it.This review wasn-'t supposed to be so long but I can-'t do too much about that. It-'s a good game with a cool simple idea and combat with unique -bosses- and excellent music. It-'s short however and multiple playthroughs seems to be expected with multiple modes. I give this a 7/10.
So Reigns is a cute little card game where you have to rule a kingdom as king for as long as possible. You do this by managing between the church, populace, army and the treasury. They're respresented by a metre and so if any one of them is too high or too low then you'll face one of many types of deaths. It's not that complicated of a game but the hook for it is that the more you play the more you uncover. You have goals to accomplish like ruling for king for sixty years or be involved in an affair. You unlock new decks that carry out new questlines and encounters which helps spice things up every now and again. This is quite a nice little game with a fun idea. It does it well and the presentation is well done plus it's one of those games with good water cooler talk so you can tell your friends weird stories on how you met the Devil or how you arranged a wedding for some werewolves. The price of admission is also very nice. It does get a bit repetitive after awhile so I'd suggest playing it in short bursts or maybe get the iOS or Android version. It looks very much designed for those platforms. Still as is it's a good game that'll give a couple of hours of entertainment. I give it a 7/10.
Recattear: An Item Shop's Tale is a great consept that focuses on the shopkeeper's view of the classic J/RPG. This game has great characters and addicting mechanics that are on par with Diner Dash. While I won't go into detail with the story (since the decription and reviews have explained about this) I will say this. While on paper it sounds boring the concept is actually very fun since the game focuses on trade and debts and the combat is a simple action RPG that will satisfy your looting desires.8/10 A great game with fleshed out mechanics in trade and economy with good (but sometimes cheesy) dialogue.
I'll say that I like robots and that I like the wild west. It has both so I can't complain. Steamworld Dig is a great mining game with several influences such as Terarria, Megaman and Metroid. You play as Rusty who has inherited an old mine from his uncle. The main objective is to mine, collect ores, sell them and reach for the bottem of the mine. It was originally released on 3DS and the game is quite appealing to the eye, they managed to add quite a bit of colour for a mining game which is nice. The music is decent but I wouldn't say catchy. It more melds right into the game which is great as it adds to the game. The mining in the game is all about risk versus reward and it is done quite superbly.Overall I give it 8.5/10 Its fun, looks great and you can play the game in your own pace. If you're not a big fan of games like Minecraft or Terraria, you should at least give this a go because (for people like me) it has a story and an ending plus the game has a bit to offer.
Gunman Clive is a simple, engaging game with some unique features. The handrawn illustations are brilliant and the game has simple yet interesting puzzles that feature a new mechanic in nearly every level. The boss battles are fun and has good replayability with a small selection of different characters.7/10 A fun short game with good visuals, gameplay mechanics and replayability.
Velocity Ultra is actually a HD version of Velocity which is a shoot 'em up/puzzle game. The story is about a blackhole coming to destroy a bunch of colonies and space stations and you as Lietenant Kai Tana (only realised the name halfway through the game...) are tasked with rescuing as many engineers, scientists and colonists along with taking out some alien invaders taking advantage of the situation. The story reminds me of Sanctum 2 as in it's there but almost pointless and acts as a base setup but here it looks like they really tried expanding this game's universe and it's somewhat interesting so A for effort! You take pilot of the Quarp Jet which let's you teleport to hard to reach places. This shooter has some puzzles as well, mainly deactivating powerstations. It's interesting and works for the most part. You have your normal things like shooting aliens, upgrades and such. I like the cutscene images, they're very nice and detailed and the levels themselves are alright too. Music is okay, it sets the mood but you won't be tapping your toes to anything. The game contains a story mode with 50 missions, leaderboards and a flight computer which has various things to offer such as concept art unlocks, minigames, a calculator and... minesweeper? What?Still this game is very good, it won't rock your boat but that's fine. It's a nice little shooter game to have fun with occasionally. It has a couple of cool tricks too and uses them well enough. I'm not sure if the sequal is any good but now I gotta give it a try someday. This game gets a 7.5/10
