Absolutely awesome game! A great range of classes to choose from. Scout is a fast running class that is mostely used for doing the map objective (capture the flag, pushing cart) and just generally annoying people. Soldier is a slow moving class armed with a rocket launcer, a shotgun, and a entrenching tool (shovel) soldier is one of the main damage dealers in team fortress 2. The Pyro is a masked psycho armed with a flame thrower, a shotgun, and a fire axe. Pyro is again a main damage dealer but instead he/she uses his/hers flame thrower to burn enemies alive. The Demolitions Man (demo man) is much like the soldier with explosive weapons instead a grenade launcher, a sticky bomb launcher (manually exploded bombs that stick to walls etc)and a bottle! The demoman is a main damage dealer aswell but used as a defence class because of his sticky bomb launcher to make traps he is also very drunk! xD. The Heavy weapons guy is as you guess, a guy with big ♥♥♥ weapons! he carries a minigun, a shotgun and uses his fists to punch people! Heavy is the God of damage dealing, he can kill all the other classes quite easily, but be careful! Heavy is a very slow class and is quite vulnerable to take damage from behind!The engineer. The engineer is a defence class that creates Sentry guns to defend, he can upgrade his sentry 3 times. level 1 being a normal sentry, level 2 being two chainguns on the side and level 3 with a rocket launcher on the top!The medic is the support class healing his teammates who are in need of help, the medic is the second fastest class in team fortress 2 he also has a thing called Uber charge, which is you and the person you're healing have a few seconds of invulnerability. The sniper is a long ranged Damage dealer he uses a powerful Sniper rifle, a SMG and a machete the sniper can take out most classes in a quickshot however you can keep scoped in to fill a meter which makes your shots more powerful, when this meter is full you can take out a heavy in one shot in the head! The spy is a very different class... The silent assassin, the spy carries a revolver, a knife and a electro-sapper the electro-sapper is used for destroying enemy engineer's sentry guns although the engineer can destroy these sappers that doesn't mean that you can't backstab him! an important role in the spy is to backstab people with your knife to instantly kill your target the spy has the ability to make himself temporarily invisible and has the ability to disguise as the enemy team to fool them! That is all the classes in team fotress 2! I hope this review was helpful and i hope to see you on a server! Good bye-Jarhead
Shut the ♥♥♥♥ up and take my money.This game is a lot better than the first one. On steam, even better. I don-'t give a ♥♥♥♥ if people say -This is a kids game u ♥♥♥, what doing- because i am a disney person, i-'ve always loved disney so stfu please.
