RNG Simulator 10/10 will continue to farm for one specific item for 1000+ hours
A giant opened a gate for me, what a nice guy13/10
waht a gret gam1st round, gets an ace... mmmmph.. got lucky2nd round, gets another ace.... okay... mlg league?3rd round, gets a quad... hacker.. clearly a hackerlets be honest this is a great game, and not having many hours I understand that someone would come to the conclusion that i-'d be hacking... okay I get it.. BUT HOLY NIPPLE OF ZEUS! not everyone is a hackerIt ruins the mood of the game when a salty opponent starts ♥♥♥♥ing with his ownteam because -clearly you-'re hacking m8, uninstall-.In conclusion I F******* love this game, it has great balance, fun mix of explosiveand/or calm gameplay depending on how well the team works togeather.10/10btw pulse is number juan
♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥!
honestly not a bad game, but because its cod people will make up any reason to say its bad...play it if you wantdont if you dont  its that simplethis is beta people its not ment to be AMAZING!
I was doing great...built a house, had good items & equipmentthen a clan called Tarzan surrounded my house and started playing jungle musicthey then proceeded to blow up my walls while screaming and killed me with spearsthe last thing i heard was -i havent seen a ♥♥♥♥♥ in a long time-video games are great!
Firstly, this game graphically is stunning for an indie gameand i haven't played enough at this point to have a real stance in if this game is good or not but trust me when I say that this game so far for alpha is awesome. Clearly alot of work is yet to be done and everything they add will hopefully work with the game and make it more balanced than it is at this time. But so far i've been impressed with how good the AI is, how smooth the game runs and how smooth the animations are (theres even birds that fly onto your arm time to time) plus crafting and item collecting is simple, just watch out for the tribal patrols. If u've got the $15 and you enjoy survival with a touch of horror u will enjoy this awesome alphaps. personally I haven't encounted any bad AI but I have heard some people have been having trouble with em
Staged in a alternate universe where physics don't affect the humanoid creatures you play as... and you rob sh*t .... its cool
