Ragnarok Online is one of the few MMORPG i have ever played. Back then Ragnarok Online was entirely pay to play so in order to play, private servers were made. Until gravity made it free-to-play which made people play the original servers rather than private servers.So, Ragnarok Online is a animated 3D fantasy MMORPG. Players can move around and explore the world through a simple yet polish point and click controls. Ragnarok Online has an interesting system where players have two levels, a base level and a job level, How you raise those levels is by gaining experience either by clearing quests or killing monsters, but the job level tends to level up slower. Each base level earns you status points that can be allocated into different attribute and each job level earns you job points which you can allocate into skills which the player can use.What makes Ragnarok Online feel like a complete game is the large selection of job advancements.
Team Fortress 2. Released in 2007, Its  game based solely on 9 classes which are Scout, Heavy, Medic, Spy, Sniper, Soldier, Demoman, Engineer, Pyro. The core action is between two teams against each other in a battle to capture points, move a cart and stealing a briefcase. Objective of the game is very straightforward, its the interplay between the 9 playable characters/classes is what makes the game interesting. All of the characters/classes have different unique weapons that players are able to have an advantage over the opponent.The core game has remained constant over the years but there have been notable changes such as new weapons/accessories . Most of this weapons can be unlocked by playing the game, while others must be purchased with actual money. Most of the items that are on the shop can cost less then a dollar to bundles that costs hundreds, there are many ways to customize your experience.There are many items that the player can buy. You can buy hats, shirts, shoes, and other cosmetic gear to dress up in your own special way. Other weapons can have an impact within the game which you can change to suit your play style in game, different classes have different weapons which may or may not be effective in killing certain classes, Then there is loadouts in all of the classes you can have different combinations of weapons, cosmetics and taunts which makes a player unique.In my experience, Team Fortress 2 is by far the most fun free-to-play fps  game which has unique weapons and customization that allows the player to run wild with loadouts. There are not many free-to-play fps game that are as good as Team Fortress 2.
