Half-Life! A Sci-Fi First Person Shooter game devloped by the Almighty Valve under His Excellency, The Most Honourable Gabe Logan Newell. Half-Life is what made Valve what it is today, their very first product that went on to be praised by all. Its gameplay defined and influenced many FPS games that came to ensue.In Half-Life, players assume the role of Dr. Gordon Freeman, a theoretical scientist who must fight his way out of a secret research installation known as the -Black Mesa Research Facility- in which experiments into teleportation technology turns deadly!A game that is one of the greatest and not to mention winning over 50 GOTYs and just being an amazing game in general.Good:-Crowbar!-Simple solid story-Very fun game!-Immersive and interactive environment-This is where the iconic FPS game Counter Strike originated.-Has a Guiness World Record XD-Half-Life-'s design helped revolutionise First Person Shooters-One of the scientists looks like Albert Einstein Bad:-Gameplay mechanics are accelerated and very sensitiveHighly inspired, Half-Life went above and beyond.  10 Foxes out of 10 Foxes. GG
What is next for the champion of light?Alan Wake-'s American Nightmare is the predecessor to Alan Wake, although not directly a sequel its more of a spin off type thing!Again you play as Alan Wake, the champion of light!  Two years have passed and Alan Wake is still missing! The story again is written and plays out as it does in Alan Wake but this time the horror story that comes to life is about Alan Wakes doppleganger, a warped and twisted version of himself known only as Mr. Scratch. As this is Alans own story he must battle though the Arizona desert and rewrite reality to stop his doppleganger from re-entering reality as Alan Wake and to prevent himself from being trapped in the darkness forever!  The story is about stopping your nemesis but how the story progresses is quite different. To defeat Mr. Scratch you must gather the whole storyline (manuscript pages) by revisiting parts of the story -Déjà vu- and in each instance you will go back in time until you find the correct pieces of the story and join them together. As Mr. Scratch has warped reality he will send you back in time to discourage you from finding the pieces! Gameplay is identical to the orignal except for a few new weapons and of course SPIDERS! YES ♥♥♥♥ING TAKEN SPIDERS!Pros:-Light as a weapon-Explains some backstories in it like how Alice and Barry are doing etc etc-Like its successor distrubing and horrifying-Narration takes a different approach similar to how it is done in The Twilight Zone-The arcade feature is lots of fun :P-Great looking game Cons:-The game is pretty short. a whole universe of American Nightmare would-'ve been good-Gameplay is pretty linear right at the start and the fact you have to revisit parts of the game although cool can be boring!But a crtitical success like its predecessor, ticks all my boxes! 10 Foxes out of 10 foxes!
Deus Ex! A Nanopunk/Cyberpunk themed action role playing game, combining first person shooter, stealth and role playing elements.Developed by ION Storm and Published by Eidos Interactive/SQUARE ENIX and designed by Warren Spector and Harvey Smith.Set in a dystopian world druing the year 2052 the plot follows UNATCO Agent JC Denton to combat terrorist forces. As the plot thickens Denton becomes entangled in a dark and deep ancient conspiracy.A game that has received universal acclaim and recieved multiple awards!The games storyline is unmatched by any other, the blending of genres: Role-playing, FPS, Adventure and Immersive Simulation makes this game the greatest of all time. Touches a lot on world affairs and it really takes a hold of you throwing you into dark and deep government conspiraciesGood:-The story is truly amazing it will overpower you!-The gameplay incoporates four genres and it blends together perfectly-Expansive environments with a lot of exploration.-Dialogue and back story improves the overall experience and there are some funny and cheesy one liners from NPCs.-RPG Elements are designed very well-The soundtrack of Deus Ex is flawless! The music really adds to the experience and the atmosphere, with subtle ambient street music to blasting bass/electronic tracks in combat.-Highly replayable I have played through at least 10 times.-The games graphics although not amazing really add to the atmosphere of a dark world which really puts Deus Ex into context.Bad:-Nothing, this game is flawless.There will never be a game in my heart that will replace this masterpiece of a game!Worth the experience, worth the penny, worth playing at least ten times!10 Foxes out of 10 Foxes :D
Stephen King once wrote that “Nightmares exist outside of logic, and there’s little fun to be had in explanations; they’re antithetical to the poetry of fear.”Alan Wake, a survival horror game developed by Remedy Entertainment and published by Microsoft Game Studios. You are Alan Wake a best selling thriller novelist trapped in a horror story he wrote which has to come to life and has taken his wife. The game is heavily inspired by thriller which draws concepts from the T.V show Twin Peaks and draws inspiration from the works of Stephen King! As Alan Wake you must battle through the night to fight the Taken, a darkness that takes over living things and brings life to inanimate objects while trying to find yourself and your wife, which the darkness has taken. Gameplay is in third person and the primary weapon used in the game is light (Flashlight, Flares, flareguns, environmental lighting, flashbangs) as well as guns.  Fighting through lush green national parks and into the town of Bright Falls, Washington the atmosphere psychologically engulfs you, waking up from this nightmare is not an option!Pros:-The use of light as a weapon-A great story, short but sweet will really leave you with a -Wow, amazing!--The atmosphere although intense is also distrubing and horrifying-Narration really makes it easy to understand whats really going on.-Truly is a great looking game, feels like you-'re really in a national park XD-Highly replayabe, played through about 4 times-Combat mechanics make you feel like your are constantly in danger-Stephen king, Stephen king, Stephen king, Stephen king!Cons:-Weak ending-The game was a little short but there are DLC as well as American Nightmare.-Facial animations could-'ve been done better-The recaps at the end of each chapter aren-'t necessary, it does feel like its trying to be a T.V showBut all in all a solid and rich game full of awesome, 10 foxes out 10 foxes, put de lime in de coconut!
When Final Fantasy VII finally came to Steam I nearly died yo.This game is one of the greatest games of all time. I first played this game on the PlayStation (when I was only young) I played it several times and again when it was released on PSN and now finally on Steam.Final Fantasy VII follows protagonist Cloud Strife a mercenary for hire who joins an eco-terrorist organisation AVALANCHE to stop Shinra from draining the life of the planet for use as a source of energy.Upon its release it was an immediate critical success.As with previous FF games it consists of three areas: A world map, field maps and a battle screen. What makes this game truly unique is the use of the turn-based battle system in which players command the characters in battles against CPU-controlled enemies. The skill system is based on Materia (magical orbs of condensed life energy) which are used for magic, summons and special abiliies.Good:-Hironobu Sakaguchi is a god-The story is simply amazing and it will literally take your breath away lol-Gameplay is amazing and winning battles against tough enemies is well rewarding (Emerald and Ruby Weapons)-The soundtrack is one the best ever composed in a video game, Nobou Uematsu the composer is a music god lol-The game truly redefined an era of RPGBad:-The Windows/Steam release uses PC MIDI files for its soundtrack which are terrible quality compared to the original on PlayStation, it is strongly recommneded to swap the files which you can do here: http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=157972194It deserves 10 foxes out of 10 foxes :D
Max Haas out of Max Haas!
