This game has probs been one of my favourite games since my childhood and here are some reasons whyGameplayFor a beginner this game will mess with you, it will take hours of practice and work just to get the hang of the game and will never make it around to beating most opponents in online matchs.This fighting game isnt like most other fighting games were you press a button and your character does something like a kick or punch. in this game you control the muscles and joints of your character giving it that edge that other games just can-'t give you.One component that i love about this game has to be something call reaction time. this means that even though you tell your character to lets say extend his leg there will still be a frame or two where the character stays still for a while.GraphicsThis game has the most simplist graphics i have seen but that is what is great about it. it isnt flashy and isnt distracting which really helps players out since full concentration is needed to play even the most easy of black+ belt matchs.CommunityAbsolutely amazing.Every single player i have met is just great to play with. and even better is in competitive matchs when ever there is a really big moment where full concentration is needed, no one is talking and is allowing the players to play their match in silence. i love it and it just makes me happy to see a community that can be so kind as this.AccessibilityEverything is Accessable and not hidden in any shape or form, they made this game as simple as possible to navigate since im sure everyone knows how hard it is to simply stand up at first.The website is where all of the magic is done (by magic i mean non-core components of the game). All of the micro-transactions are done their and thank god cause non of the micro-transactions are pay to win.there are alot of things in this game that are optional and even better is the modding, this game has been given so many mods that you could say the current version of the game is a mod/modpack.Negatives NetcodeSometimes when i play on the -peak- hours of the game i seem to not be able to join games as easly as if i go on when less players are on. im sure this is due to some problem with the -master server- or something like.Game breaking glitchsI have found that sometimes my punchs and kicks wont effect the enemy that i am vsing and so they pulverise me. and at other moments i find the game showing the enemy having no legs are arms when they in fact do have legs and arms. im sure that this will be fixed at some point but who knows.JudoI hate judo and i don-'t have a good reason for why...Is this game worth it?Hell f***ing yeah it is, this game is as addictive as it gets and im sure you will put in huge amounts of time into this game.LinksToribash[www.toribash.com]Toribash forums[forum.toribash.com]Memes[nootnoot.net]
great game. tip of the day: Dont Die :3
This game will throw you into a pit where once you kill all the enemys (which don't play around) a portal opens and you decend to the next stage.whilst playing i found myself being torn to shreads by some of the most simplistic enemys, all because i was not prepared for there to be 15 of them. tearing through the game  as quickly as possible is on of the most funnest but most stupidest ways to play this. with such a limited amount of health and with enemys that do EXTREME amounts of damage it becomes a slaughter house if you don't prepare.This game is thrilling and will keep you wanting more. but will make you rage like a russian 12 year oldCYKAAAAAAAAAAAAA
