Banished is a fantastic game, been playing the absolute ♥♥♥♥ out of it. Incredible graphics, Awesome soundtrack and quite challenging gameplay. There is nothing more satisfying than seeing a city that has grown by your hand come to life. I have had no problems getting the game started, despite what others report. 10/10
I bought this because i was a big fan of the old AoS. This however, is a poor attempt at modernising the old version. So, in total i would give this 2/10. it has better graphics, and more destructible terrain, but otherwise sucks. Get the old good version by googling 'Build and Shoot'.
Good use of 30 minutes
Mate, what a gem of a game. For free, this is well worth it. Its not a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ piece of Freemium software either, this is a properly F2P game. So, here's the breakdown...  Criteria Score   Graphics 9   Gameplay 8   Content/td] 10    [/tr][/table]Graphics in this game are pretty stunning, but there are occasional texturing issues and glitches. Gameplay is repetative, but addictive and most of all, great fun. Shooting an enemy then jumping on his buddy and cutting him in half honestly gives you a bloodlusty rush. The amount of content in this game is fantastic. Many Weapons, Warframes, and abilities all make up this wide selection. Each Warframe, Weapon and ability are all vastly different and provide a great selection to play by your style.Overall, 9/10. Congratulations to the developers, you've provided an proper Free to play game, without it being pay to win as so many games are these days. Well done.
Survived the burning wreckage of my fighter only to get run over by a friendly vehicle.10/10 would rage again
What can i say? Probably one of the best purchases i ever made. Legendary Edition is well worth it if on sale. Customisation is fantastic. i think  i've had far too much fun using the chacter customisation. Gameplay is quite immersive. Runs on ANYTHING! i have 1.5 GB of ram, 1.3 GHz Dual core AMD e-300, and an AMD Radeon HD 6310 graphics. Runs on high at 27 FPS. All in all, a bloody brilliant game. Better than any of the previous games (i have all of them). Props to Bethesda, this is a true piece of art.
