This is most likely one of the greatest sandbox games on the Steam Webstore with plenty of things to do from making a floating piece of wood with some decorations to a motorised bathtub to a fully functunal ship! Or just stack up wooden objects and set them on fire. And if the vanilla version doesn't grab your tastes, get some addons! This game has an outstanding number of addons that can be downloaded with a click of a button! Some addons are made for great new building experiences, take Expression 2 and Wiremod for example, with the use of wiremod you can create working doors and other things (not that good with wiremod so can't give detailed explanation) and with Expression 2 you can make Holograms, Teleporters and big explosions. Although this is an amazing game and I HIGHLY recommend it to anyone who's looking for a unique sandbox experience there is probably only ONE thing that I dislike about it... And it's that if you don't have certain games like Half Life or Counter Strike, some textures and models won't work, this include black and pink checkerboxes and big flashing Errors signs, (luckily I have found a way around this, check out this website to get free models and textures from games such as Portal, Half Life and Counter Strike {LINK REMOVED}http://kajar9.wix.com/♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥2 - go to the GarryContent tab to gain access to the resources, THIS IS NOT PIRACY, it is not letting you play seperate games for free it is simply giving you textures and models for gmod) other than that issue I give it a rating of 9/10, Definately got my money's worth
This is an amazing game with plenty of things to do and resources to collect for all your building needs. The game also comes with a creative gamemode for all players who just want to build big. With plenty of chances for modders to get at it. There's also a bounty of mods for enhanced gameplay, but don't get me wrong, there is still plenty to do without mods. Overall I highly recommend it and it's still in early acess! Who knows what's instore down the road, I just hope planets is on the to do list :D. Overall I give it an 8/10 for a unique gaming experience
