GReat look, great mechanics, all in all, great game, but to really experience it to is full potential, play competitive. Causal is just full of hackers and is really imbalanced if you just started playing, you'll get killed every 5 seconds.
I've been playing Unturned for a short period of time, but I have to say that it is looking very promising. As i've only played the free version of the game, i'm yet to see the features that are available when playing the premium version. When you first open the game, you're given the opportunity to create a character. There are a variety of customisation options available, however some of which are only unlocked with the premium version of the game. Once passed the character customisation stage, which can be edited later anyway, you can choose between a singleplayer, multiplayer and tutorial option. Being a man that likes to learn for himself, I reframed from playing the tutorial, but for the sake of reviewing Unturned, I did. The tutorial gives you a basic rundown of the controls; movement, combat and driving, simple but helpful. Then I decided to jump straight onto singleplayer. Unturned gives you two options of maps to play on; PEI, which is your basic 'post-apocalyptic' map with buildings and towns, and Arena; a difficult map, which places you in an arena like area with nothing but the forest around you. I decided to play on the PEI map first. Once spawned, i realised that you start off with nothing, and I LITERALLY mean nothing, you dont even spawn with clothes on. The spawning in Unturned is random, so I was spawned near a walled off area which i later found was a military base. I fought my way through the base and gathered a few supplies including a backpack, handgun and suppresor, and a map of the whole of PEI. While in this menu, I discovered a skills menu, which can be upgraded by earning eperience though killing zombies, and a crafting menu, which didnt make sense to me so I decided to leave it be. Judging from the map, it seemed that PEI was a large scale map, that had many places to visit, so I decided to visit the local town. Once i arrived, I was greeted by a large horde of zombies. I managed to pick off 5 of them with my handgun, but i ran out of ammo and had to run for about 5 minutes before running upstairs into a house and dying because I got stuck in the tub. This is the point where I decided I was bad at video games and also decided to play on the other ma, Arena. Once loaded, it spawned me into an arena like area. The areanwas surrounded by water ans there were tall rocks around me, vaguely resembling Stone Henge, and some supplies, however, due to the small inventory space, I could only carry a small knife and three seed which i planted soon after. I decided to venture out into the woods and I quickly got lost. My hunger and thirst bars needed tending to, so i decided to hunt some animals, and quickly realised that the pigs I was chasing were very fast, or that my player spent too much time writing a pointless review of a game that nobody will ever read, so he gained a substancial amount of weight and decided not to go outside anymore. I soon realised that the only way to satisfy these meters was to travel back to the spawn and harvest the seeds i planted earlier, but I unsucessfully did so and died trying to find which way I came from. Then I decided to try out the multiplayer secion of the game, but was unable to do so because I have no friends. Unturned is a great game, however, I do feel that playing with friends would give you a much different and better experience in contrast to playing by yourself. Unturned feels like a very basic version of DayZ, or games similar to this, and this is not a bad thing. Unturned gives you a similar experience to these games, but it expresses itself in a much different way, this is mainly bue to the blocky artstyle of the game, which much resembles games like Roblox and Minecraft. Unturned is the type of game that you could let your 7 year old brother play, without getting into trouble by your mum for letting him play a violent video game, but can still be played by the older demographic just the same. To summarise this review, I reccomed this game to anyone, however, get some friends, whip up a server and play together, and you'll have a much better experience. Do I see potential in this game? Yes I do, so long as the developers continue to work hard and listen to the community and take their ideas on boards as well as their own. Give Unturned a try, you wont be let down.
Real nice game, used to play it when i was in primary school. Perma death feature is cool and loot can be saved aswell.
