I love this game and the game play its better than a Rome 2. The Family thing is amazing and yes you have to do alot of things. Maps are better than Rome 2, much bigger but i wish it was bit bigger since city like Rome is not as big as you want it to be. Diplomacy got harder and more realistic so i cant complain about it.one things i hate about this game, if we compare Rome 1, you had alot of Nations but in here you get few But hey guys, if you want more, then buy DLC -.-
This game is a nightmare for anyone who is new and decided to play agaisnt an easy AI. in this game, easy AI is like playing a hard one. what i ove this game, alot of things, first thing first, is the Comm chat, its funny and alot of bull-shet in it. second, the game is soo realistic, well almost sooo realistic lol :P
I would totally Recomand this game to every one who likes special forces, army and other sort of things.
If you really want a Best Strategy game of WW2 or close to it, than this game its the best choice. unlike Company of Heroes, u can kill enemy from far away not when your troops face to face with the enemy and they still miss and take time to kill any solider from both sidesi will best start what you can do in this game where u cant do in other games and those are 2 things !!!1) you can create your own map, customize, create your own battles, and do a lot of ♥♥♥♥ 2) you can control each soldier and make him shoot anywhere you want. also if the enemy in the building, you can make your man to thrown it right in to the window. if the enemy in the trenches, and your man throw a grenade, the enemy will run away, so you can throw the grenade with few seconds delay.also this game doesn't LAG and its has only few bugs which will not make any difference at all in the game.this game looks much more realistic than any game had been created. you can realize that rush with bigger number of troops can still make you lose every thing, so its important to build line of defense and destroy enemy strong positions before assaulting againthere are 3 times of ammo for soldiers: rifle ammo, automatic rife ammo and machine gun ammo. if your soldiers wasted all his ammo, he can search for ammo in the enemy's bodies, allies bodies or share with another soldier. there are also special weapons like snipers, flame throwers, Molotov, rockets and anti tank guns. there are 2 type of grenades, anti infantry and anti tank.
