(This is all based on my own OPINION)Dark Souls 3 is a Hard game, that breaks off then the easy RPG.It never tells you were to go, and it sure as hell doesn-'t give you an easy time when you get to the place you need to be. When I first started playing, it took me around 3 Hours to actually defeat (STARTING BOSS SPOILERS AHEAD) Ludex Gundyr, and Vordt, then make it over to the next area, I think I made 3-4 different characters to defeat Ludex, because I needed those Firebombs to kill Ludex Gundyr, thankfully. My friend(s) started to help me through the game once I got near the First Lord of Cinder, I-'ve completed the game over 7 times now, I-'m always trying different builds and seeing if I enjoy it or not.Most of my play time now, instead of trying to complete the game again, is helping out other players, and PvPing. (And praising that I don-'t get into a fight club) Some people you find are fun to play with. Constantly chucking down -Hello- Carvings, and doing Gestures, Whilst others don-'t even Gesture before going into a Boss Fog, or slicing you to Death.A few times I-'ve gotten a good laugh out of some people. I was once invaded someone, and they looked like a Phantom (Due to using a Ring) I waited a bit nearbye, and then walked over, he did a Gesture to look like he was Resting at the Bonfire, he Waved. I did -My Thanks!-, I used the Bloodlust Katana to stab myself, and rest. Whilst doing that. I realised that the Bonfire wasn-'t lit, so I wanted to be kind, and wait for the Host to come. He constantly pointed at the Unlit bonfire, and so did I. He brang out his Bloodlust Katana and started to stab himself to do Death. I clapped constantly, he kept going, and killed himself, a moment later. I see on my Screen -Host of Embers Destroyed!-(TL;DR/etc. Is)Pros-Semi-Long game-Different to other RPG-'s-Tries very hard to keep secrets to other Areas-Hard game-Allows for all different kind of Playstyles.-Doesn-'t matter what Class you select at the near-end game once you-'ve found most things.-Community is (most of the time) fun/funny to play with.-The Community is happy to help each other out (most of the time)-Addicting if you like the game itself-etc.Cons-Some OP weapons-Some Bugs that can pretty much one Hit something that can be Reposited-(For some people) the game not telling them to go can lead to frustration-Starting players will try to kill everything in there path, leading to the annoyance of dying to things much more powerful then you-(For some people) It is easy to not do one thing right, and that will lead to your Death-etc.Thanks for reading my Review. (Longest one I-'ve done)Don-'t forget to Praise the MOON.Have a good Day. ^>^
10/10 Game. It-'s that one game you think -Yep. Another Movie-Based Game... Gonna be ♥♥♥♥!- But then you see the Reviews and you-'re like -Guess I gotta Buy this Game!- Then. You play a ♥♥♥♥ ton of it, it gets kinda repetitive but you shrug it off and have a Great time.I love this game, only downside is how repetitive it is, Chumbucket is the sexiest ♥♥♥♥er I-'ve ever seen
Would Recommend. Includes moments where you flip your Car for going a little to Fast on another player.
NOTE: Everyone is entitled to their own opinion. Mkay? Mkay.So. To start off, this game is incredible. Due to it being Free it-'s not like many other F2P games. Where -Oh! Buy this ♥♥♥♥ with Irl money to be the MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING BEST!- It-'s similar, if you want to have the quick way. Use platinum. Which is the Currency you use as, pretty much Real money. With that platinum you can get things much easier. If you want to have it the long way, you normally are farming some Void mission of some sort, which. Isn-'t really annoying. It just takes time, as all. Now. This game does have it-'s flaws. Which I will list now:-Lots and LOTS of Farming. (Still Fun in my Opinion)-(From my experience) Weird Anti-Cheat software. Banning without Reasons-Has a slim-story. Not to long, not to short.-(According to others) Voice acting is -Bad-                       (WIP)
Should've been free. To many bugs and lag if you ask me
ARK is a great game, I think most people can agree on that, and not even finished? That's pretty good, too. But releasing a paid DLC in Early access? Please, just. No, DLC's with more maps that people without the DLC can't play, and at a price at 20USD is just an annoyance, take Payday 2, and Arma 3 for example. People hack the ♥♥♥♥ out of Payday 2 because of all the DLC's just to play them without paying over 200 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars for all the DLC, making another Map just splits the community, and I personally don't think this game can have the community split into two, atleast in OCE servers, I see about 3 Servers out of about 30 with more then 10 people.Now, would I suggest this game? Yes.Would I suggest getting the DLC? Your choice, but personally. I'm just hoping they make it Free, we don't need this ♥♥♥♥. Look at Arma 3, like 40 $ DLC for a Map/etc. In my group of people I play with, we literally have to go around and ask each other if we have the DLC required to, use a Gun, or drive a Car, it's just a pain in the ♥♥♥ and an annoyance.Thanks for reading. I hope this helped you decide on if you wanted to get the Game or not, lets hope that the DLC becomes Free if it doesn't get the Sales it needs to become profitable in some shape or form.
