Killing Floor 2 is the sequel to the critically acclaimed Killing Floor that came out in 2009. With improved graphics, new maps, weapons and more gore. Killing Floor 2 is definitely worth the $29.99 price tag. So far I have not noticed any major bugs and glitches so this game does not fall into the -Early Acess- category if you know what I mean (DayZ). Pros:-Improved Graphics-New weapons-New maps-More gore-New characters-Dosh-More Dosh-Mr. Foster-Sprint-Upgraded ranking system-Perks Cons:-Only 3 mapsTo sum it all up, if you loved the original Killing Floor then you are obviously going to love this. This game isn-'t just for the veterans though, this game is just freaking awesome and I recommened it to anyone that is a fan of the fps and zombie genre.
This game is worth the $5 dollars! It's like DayZ but without zombies and is a very playable. If you want to play a DayZ like game, then this is for you. It also runs good on very low end PC's if you do happen to have one. Pros:-Runs well on older/lower end PC's-Very playable-Crafting is available-Updates everyday-Very fun with friends-Graphics are decent Cons:-Low player base-Everything is still very alpha-Clunky animations-No customizable settings other than graphics-Spectating after death which tells you exactly where other players are and what they have on them-Many players are Russian (From my experience) and most of them (Not trying to be offensive, yet again from my experience) are very agressive and will KOS. -Server hoppingI recommend you buy this game nevertheless as it will greatly increase the player base and will encourage the developers to keep working on the game. 
Smash Bros on PC and Mac. Is there more I need to say?
Click to get stuff and spend stuff to get stuff to spend stuff to get stuff...
Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is the latest installment in the Counter-Strike series. Nothing much has changed in this installment other than updated graphics. Veterans to the series are going to love Counter-Strike: Global Offensive but newcomers... sadly I cannot guarantee that you will like this game. Even if you know you like the game, the very difficult learning curve might get to you before you even have a chance to completely enjoy the game. But it-'s worth giving the game a shot. To some it-'s too old school and it lacks features the new flashy modern First Person Shooters have; ADS (Aim Down Sights), Sprint etc. But in my opinion this one of the greatest FPS-' out on the market. What most FPS-' lack is a sense of competitve nature. Sure you can make bets and -CMON BRO 1v1 ME BRO I-'LL SMASH YOU- people but in my opinion it-'s not enough. If you love competitve gaming particually in FPS-' then there-'s another point to Counter-Strike. There are so many things that make Counter-Strike: Global Offensive a worthy game in your Steam Game Library for me to list! So do me a favor, do the Counter-Strike community a favor and pick up this game! For around $15.00 AU (Don-'t know how much in other currencies, I-'m sure you can do the math! >.<) you-'re getting a good deal! Operations which are like free DLC updates but have limited time on playing the maps that are released in the operation, Skins which are probably the most infectious disease in a game second to the infamous Team Fortress 2 hats! and overall just fun! u2late approves! :DNotes: -Sorry if there are grammar and spelling mistakes! I typed this up without checking for errors (Sorry grammar nazis! :P) -Like this up if you found it useful so others can see! -HAVE FUN!
Planetside 2 is a mind blowing game, from it's massive maps, massive player count, epic graphics and it's intense and addicting gameplay. It's class based and revolves around team work. The objective of the game is to capture all the regions on one continent. Overall there are 3 continents to choose from, But the continent Indar seems to be the most popular. I recommend this game to veterans to the genre, as new-comers to the genre will feel frustrated. Planetside 2 is no casual game, it's a competitive one.
Great for uninstalling!Pros:-There are none.Cons:-It-'s a web browser game port.-Pay2Win-Laggy-Buggy/Glitchy-CoD/Battlefield Rip off -Horrible GUI -No audio settings...?-Complicated GUIIn conclusion don-'t even think of downloading this game unless you want to uninstall straight away. -the only thing that wasn-'t complicated to use was the uninstall button- - DERPI0US
Just realized the EULA is ♥♥♥♥ed up as hell. It's basically Data Theft. I regret getting this game. If you want your data stolen then buy this game! Uninstalling... at least I only got this game for a dollar.
Unturned is a great mix of Minecraft and Dayz, it's the best of both worlds and also has simplistic graphics so you don't need a high end computer to run it *cough* DayZ *cough*. Not only that, it's also optimized much better than DayZ. You can spend hours and hours of time playing this game without getting bored. I suggest this game to both hardcore and casual players.
If you played MechWarrior or still do you are going to love this game! Very fast gameplay and stunning visuals. Go and play it NOW!
