The Witcher is definitly not for the faint of heart. It has an impressive main story with plenty of interesting and dark plot points. It also boasts a fairly intuitive alchemy system and nice flair of atmosphere. However there are a few things that will put off many gamers. Firstly, the combat system is absolutely dreadful. Many say that the combat is fast paced and enjoyable, but the simple fact is that it is shallow and unintuitive, with the only strategy taking the form of combat stances that either make the fight incredibly easy or impossible. Outside of combat, navigation is a bore with fairly generic environments and middle-of-the-road textures. The character models are constantly rehashed, to the point where the same person will show up in every town. At least five times. The animation quality is so lopsided that its sometimes difficult to tell which decade this game came out. In combat scenarios, Geralt has many high quality animations for his attacks in different stances, however, outside of combat the animation quality is lackluster at best. During cutscenes, characters often walk in slow motion when everything else is moving normally, constant speech animations are reused relentlessly and the animations of other elements of characters are just stupid, such as dwarven beards that have a penchant for jumping for joy whenever Geralt talks.While the main story is very well written and interesting, the sidequests are often no more that fetch quests that require you to run to and fro from areas you have already discovered. This is an example of clear presence of relentless padding and backtracking. As if that problem was not enough, many of The Witcher's quests are time-of-day dependant. This means that to begin and hand in most quests you have to find a campfire and rest until the quest is availible, which will also remove any buffs that you have applied to your character. The game has many problems and easily causes boredom, however a single playthrough is recommended, simply because it sets the stage for the far superior sequel. I give The withcer: Enhanced Edition a 6--10
As incredibly popular as it is, the game mechanics seem to be very much rendered to appeal to those already experts in the genre. These finite and interesting mechanics seem to tease new players of low skill level. Another detterent for new players is the immediate unlock of all heroes. This means that, in order to find ones favorite hero, players have to play through dozens of matches with new strategies and skills. As a preference, I would reccomend league of legends over dota 2 for players new to the moba genre, simply because of it-'s more accessible interface and more -Newb Friendly- system.
I enjoyed the witcher 2 quite thoroughly. It has an excellent, mature storyline that takes some thought to understand properly, expecially the relationship between the northern kingdoms and it-'s rulers. The side quests are fairly interesting too, if a bit poorly directed at times and througout the game is an excellent morally grey set of decisions to make. The game looks georgeous on maximum settings and is very well optimised for pc, even though some of the controls are clearly designed with gamepad in mind. The one major gripe i have with the game is the combat system. The potions and oils and other equipment management are well conceived and the basic concepts of the combat also have great potential, however it required more polish. The full combar rebalance mod made by an employee of CD Project RED helped iron out a few issues, however it still suffered from awful hit detection that caused attacts that should have at missed by more than a metre to cause deaths that feel cheap and frankly make the game a frustration. This is not difficult combat like dark souls that punishes the player for their mistakes, its one that punishes the player for not recognising that if you don-'t roll at least several metres away from an attack, it will somehow hit you magically and kill you. It simply feels like the game is cheating at these points and it is hard to continue playing. When you do get hit, you barely notice, there-'s no sound of impact, no screen indication, Geralt doesn-'t even flinch. The health bar just drops with every strike and you end up seeing the same boring death animation over and over again. Its almost like the developers weren-'t counting on players being hit at all and just said, -Eh, just lower the health variable if anyhthing touches (or in some cases doesn-'t) the player-. This is not responsive and it slowly becomes infuriating. Don-'t misunderstand, the combat has it-'s moments and can sometimes feel really good, but the simple fact is that the majority of deaths feel cheap, as you feel that it is the games fault, not yours. You simply need to dance around this airy combat to make the most of it. Even so, the game is great. It has so much depth in characters and in customisation that it feels like a living, breathing world. It also has lots of replay value, with 16 different endings based on choices througout the game and branching paths that change the whole quest structure from the first chapter. But is it the rpg of the decade as some people profess, or is it even my game of the year (2011)? The simple answer is no.
This game is massively expansive and has a huge modding community that allows for just about any content changes, from graphical improvements to full conversion mods. It is a personal favorite of mine and many others. If you haven't played it yet you are missing out.
THe binding of isaac is a proceeduraly generated dungeon crawler with random loot, rooms and enemies. It is also the most offensive and generally disgusting game I have ever played. It is the personification of isanity and  malice. It was quite simply constructed to be offensive to as many audiences as possible. The beggining of the game shows a child under fear of murder by his own mother. This is followed by the first dungeon, in which isaac needs to use his own tears to fight the monsters within. That sounds bad enough, however throughout the game, more disgusting content is clear. As isaac finds powerups, he attatches them to his body in the most gruesome way possible.  This game has reduced any sense of respect i had for team meat and I would never want to meat this author. The binding of isaac is ♥♥♥♥ed up in the worst way and i wish i could remove it from my games list, as i am ashamed to own it. 0/10.
I just finished this game and it is incredible. I thought that Brothers was going to be a short, sad narrative driven game that I would laugh about upon finishing, but it is so much more than that. Never before has a game delivered such emotional resonance to me and never before have i seen it so streamlined into gameplay. Brothers is haunting, powerful and brilliant. There is absolutely no reason not to pick it up during the sale.
