A nice remake of a classic game.Oddworld: New -'n-' tasty:  Is a remake of the game -'Abes oddworld-' featuring greatly improved graphics.Graphics aside, This game features a very good single player experience with a good story and solid Action-puzzle platforming gameplay which seems to not resemble any other game i-'ve played or heard of. The game has you roam around as -'Abe-' who is attempting to save his fellow race known as the Mudokens from slavary through the use of voice guiding e.g. -follow me- or -wait here-. In order to navigate through the games hostile areas, you must use a combination of puzzle solving and quick reflexes as your character can die very quickly and can only attack through the use of the enviromoment, hypnotising enemies or using grenades and the shrykull ability, and all cannot be used with ease, for example, you can only hypnotise one type of enemy known as sligs and only if there is no sercurity drone preventing you from doing so. as for grenades and the shrykull abiliy you rarely obtain these through out the game and the grenades can only really be used when you are undetected. all these factors give you a unique and challenging experience that most will enjoy.The game also features plenty of secret areas which you need to find if you want 100% completion.When it comes to changes between the original and the remake aside from the graphics and the smooth sidescrolling as appose to screen by screen scrolling of the original, you wont find many differences between the two. most areas remain the same as far as I can tell with a few minor changes here and there that dont make any difference to how you solve each segment of the game. The game does add a quick save feature which you obviously dont have to use if you want the game to be as close to the original as possible. there is also a difficulty selection which changes how much damage you can take but before you panic, hard difficulty does replicate the original games one shot and your dead level of difficulty. The game also features a new voice command -all of ya- which simply allows the commanding of multiple mudokens at onceThere arn-'t really any flaws with the game other than fellow mudokens being difficult to command correctly sometimes and the AI acting weirdly at times.If you-'re looking for a game that offers unique and challenging gameplay then I recommend this game to you.
