Post Second Dream review:10/10 story, Warframe is up there with some of my favorites when it comes to lore now. In comparison to a lot of AAA 'story-driven' games Warframe leaves them sitting in the dust.If you like a bit of a grind, solid action and unique rich visuals give this free space ninja simulator a shot. Everything bought with steam wallet can be acquired in game except for some aesthetic stuff, varied enemies, cloning yourself and using yourself like pokemon. This game has it all.(the clone comes out of a little ball and anything, also if you suck up to factions you can summon their soldiers, which range from dudes, robots and giant zombies.)Give it a go, become Tenno skum.
Worth buying just so you can hear the soundtrack in context.10/10 now I distrust any form of coloured light and moist noises.
My favorite indie game, also one of the first ones. I insist you give it a try for the soundtrack alone, this is on sale for 1 dollar.I can't express how much of a steal that is for such a great game.Also has a side game where you make a tower, you just keep on going up with all the goo you collected at the end of each level. Which is really fun.
Welcome back, commander.Best turn based game I've played.
A very suspenseful and enthralling little exploration game that feels a bit more like a short story with some search'n and puzzl'n. Gave me an ominous sense of dread, paranoia and general skin tingles on my ride through it.The visuals, sound and focus on certain elements go to great lengths to immerse the player in the bleak and confusing environment.I may have tried to brute force the church puzzle for 10 minutes.Anyway I greatly enjoyed myself and would recommend this game to anyone who has an interest in such genres.I really liked how the world was built both visually and lore wise. I'll probably go back for another run through to see what I've missed eventually. However replayability may not be overly high.10/10 I learned the malicious truth of silos thanks to a 12, 13 year old girl.
I plan to write a decent rendition of why I think this is the best 4x game I have played however for now I will just say this:Nothing gives you more of an adrenaline rush than playing a long ironman game and having to fight a massive multi-participant battle over your own homeworld as it is bombed by xenos hell bent on your annihilation with your fleets lacking a tech edge or numbers. Try not to shed a tear for your little virtual peeps as they migrate, make friends, do science and fight to the death all under your direction. Will you be a happy little camper in your own little corner of the galaxy or will you risk it all to bring all empires into the fold of you obviously better empire?I found Earth, destroyed by nuclear warfare. I uplifted cockroaches and allowed them to own an entire sector. After a grueling war they saved my economy. Due to their immense help and the help of my other alien races within the UCSS I gave all alien citizens the right to vote and run for any office.Several years later a Cockroach general was on the ground when I defeated the armies on two of my long time rival homeworlds.Nellpa'xo and it's many allies started the war with me because the UCSS was making their hippy vibes feel bad. Not even kidding they are space bug Ghandi from Civ. 3 wars with there alliance! One loss (The UCSS had to give up multiple worlds), one white peace (we destroyed much of each other's fleets) and finally victory. Never give up, never surrender and fight!If you haven't bought this and you like being immersed in games, I highly, highly recommend you buy this.TL;DR: I press F to pay respects to the 1st Chosen fleet that saved my homeworld and was wiped out as it lured away several empires worth of enemy fleets.
Moist.
This game really needs stricter moderation to deal with the epic flood of useless, ignorant and pathetic teenie boppers that have corrupted the entire game thanks to let's players that like to yell at their computer screens.At the moment it is an utter joke and when Starcraft 2 Mafia the arcade mod starts looking like a better alternative you know something is wrong.Half the players can't read last wills, work out what roles are left or think even slightly critically. Most of the death notes are lines often vomited on Call of Duty. I'm amazed how quickly this game deteriorated just from some youtubers acting like pipers and luring all the rats and mice in. I can't recommend this game until the fad dies down and some of the cancer leaves. Not that it has a high chance of happening. Look at Rust and Mitosis for example.
