This game (addon) is god like seriously, the fact you get to meet people, kill and more it is FUDGING GOD!!!!!Well there are some glitches but those make the game funny and hillarious.The scenery is beautiful and nicely done.I give this game (addon) 9/10 due to the glitches 'n stuff
You should buy it dude, If you don't you're gonna have a bad time.
Xeodrifter. A game I never knew existed, it was one day during a hot summer day. Scorching tempratures and nothing to do, all my games were boring at the time. I had $2.48, I saw this game. I bought it.And am I glad I did, this game plays a lot like Metroid, the music is beautifully synthesised and the graphics take me way back.
Out of all the games I have played, this game is the best.. Having it's wide variety of characters and citizens with their own unique traits. Aiden himself is also unique, as you slowly learn about his backstory. The gameplay is great, with it's big city, and multiple gaming mechanics, especially the hacking mechanic.I would totally recommend this game :)
AWESOME PARKOUR
Goat Simulator is a game full of easter eggs and stuff to find.Scenery: Its just typical shaded game yeah.Gameplay: Absolutely funny, I almost wet my pants XD?!?!?Music: Its a 8 bit sorta theme, quite nice actually.Problems: There are a few glitches, but they make the game funny or frustrating.My Recommendation is 7/10 so thats a GET IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
This game is probably what you would get if you got Super Mario Bros, The Legend Of Zelda, Kirby, Mirror's edge, and etc. together and mashed them into a new brand new game. Don't have to tell you how good it is. It's right there!
Just Cause 2 is a game for people who love destruction but cant show it in other games.Scenery: I've got to say the scenery and graphics is..... BEAUTIFUL, the explosions are great and EVERYTHING!!!!! Gameplay: Nothing to say it's just the best thing I have ever seen :')Problems: There are only a few glitches so yeah.....Music: Its like military music so yeah beautiful.My Recommendation is 9/10 you will get a good laugh out of this fantastic game.
This is a very good game for people who like sandbox games, its has tons of workshop items and the possibilities of stuff is endless. There are hidden props aswell as hidden locations in maps. Its a ton of fun, I love it and it is one of the best games I have ever seen.I would rate this fabulous creation a 10 out of 10 to you facepunch :)
Team Fortress 2 is a class based FPS shooter with you controlling how you play, there are many weapons and helpful things (like hats) that can help you on your journey for justice! (another match).This game is packed full of new content either nerfing weapons or adding new ones (some are crappy).The vairiety of classes can be seen as a small number but how you play them can control hundreds!TF2 also occasionally has traditions as -Smissmas- and -Halloween-. In these occasionall treats you can gain new items and fun maps. But who am I to count, you can play them all! (maybe...idk).TF2 has a unique charming cartoony style, with it-'s sorta CEL shaded graphics.I really liked this game ;)Good job Valve.You made a monstrosity of overpowered Pyros and Snipers. Now welcome to Hell everybody!
