8/10
Its one of my favourite all time games and favourite MMO of all time. The superhero storyline and theme is very appealing to my personal preference and the combat hack & slash system is amazing for an MMO. Its simply, yet can be sophisticated too. If you learn all the powers and fighting combos, you can put together your online fighting style and combat technique to destroy all opposing forces. A lot of people slam the game for all types of reasons but people need to understand, no game is perfect and not every aspect of the game will appeal to you. This is one of very very few games, where 99% of everything in the game, appeals to me and makes me want to delve into the game 24/7. The only downfalls to the game IMHO, is the leveling cap. Level 30 is very low in my opinion and since I have played since launch, I would have hoped that it would have been increased to level 50 at least by now. Thus adding much more content and storyline to the game. The DLCs are ok and some of it was just what I was hoping for, but are money grabbing DLCs in other peoples opinions. But when you love this game as much as I do, I dont mind it at all and will support developers till the end of this games life. Ive already maxed out and done everything possible in DCUO on the PSN network and have recently migrated over to the PC version to start again. It shows just how much I love this game and am willing to put in hundreds of dollars again into the game to support developers.The powers in the games could be further externded if possible and more tactical battles amongst PvE and PvP would be great too. Im hoping the game will be expanded over time and more content will be added to bring back veteran players and bring in more new players as well. For that to happen, the F2P system needs to be looked at again as most people have deemed the game as a P2W game. It is somewhat but minimal. Yet its still enough to throw people off the game and slowly kill the community. I would love to work aside the SOE developers to offer suggestions, test new content and help expand the DCUO game overall. From day one, I have had hopes that it would be expanded and content added on a regular basis to rival games like WOW. To me it has the potential and should have treaded carefully in doing so. But now its too late for that, but it still has time to make a 360 degrees turn around and still become one of the best MMOs out there. The metacritic score of 72/100 is very low in my opinion and should have scored much closer to 80 and even 85-90. But I believe that the level 30 cap and slow and small amount of content added over the years, had hindered its progress and made the community much smaller than it should have been. If good content and level cap raised happened earlier on, the game would would have been much more known and better ranked. Its direct rival, Marvel, has a much higher metacritic review score and it is a good game, but I still believe what DCUO offers is still is just as good, if not better. I have had ideas in my mind about DCUO and what could be added to the game to make it much better and bring back its player base and even bring in more players. I have emailed the SOE about it and gotten no reply and believe its fallen on deaf ears and/or the team has given up on DCUO or but it on thr back burner, because they believe the potential the game had, is long gone. When it first became F2P, it pulled in 100K new accounts. SOE should have used that opportunity to build upon the amazing the game they already had and add content accordingly so the new players could see how amazing DCUO really is and what theyve been missing out on. But sadly, I believe it was all done as a ploy to grab as much money as they can to base future DLC projects upon the amount of players and funds coming into their account. Thats where I think SOE went most wrong. Instead of listening to the player base and adpting to the F2P system they implemented, they went on how much money they could make and didnt take the communities opinions and suggestions seriously or at all in most cases. To finish up on my review for now, I still think DCUO is an amazing game and definitely recommend to everyone that loves MMOs, hack & slash type of games, RPGs, DC Universe and a mostly friendly community base. The game has some flaws and drawbacks but no game is perfect. But IMHO, this game comes closest to being a perfect game in my eyes. The majority of its content is very appealing to my personal preferences and keeps me very intrigued and wanting to constantly play every free moment I get. I have a ton of suggestions, ideas and concepts that could/would make the game amazing and hugely expansive without much work necessary, but whether someone from SOE reaches out or even cares enough about its own game, to do so, I will only have to wait and see. I have contacted them twice already in recent times, with no reply or acknowledgment at all that they have received my email, so I assuming their response team is either lacking in personnel or just cant be bothered. I hope DCUO will continue to expand and SOE looks to add an expansion pack as rumors were swirling when DCUO was at its peak, but since then, there has been nothing but mediocre DLC packs. Good or poor as they may be, we need more! I would love for an expansion that would raise level cap and introduce a new main storyline  to DCUO. It would be amazing to see and I could gurantee, it will bring back alot of veterans and even bring in new players to the game as they see the development team are still working on the game and actively adding more and better content. As it is right now, the latest content added, are very small and lazy-like. Not much hype or even amazment about them. Seems like a small team is only left to deal with DCUO and it is very saddening in my eyes and heart. I had wished and still do, for DCUO to be around for at least another 5 years with active excellent content being added. All the possible storylines are already there in the DC Comics and just needs to be integrated into DCUO. I dont see how hard that can be and how much amazment it would bring to true DC fans and DCUO fans. Ill give SOE a free idea/suggestion on a possible future expansion to further DCUO and its content and gameplay. Take the DCUO universe to the universe....literally....Brainiac came to us...lets now take the battle to him and his home. Giving the opportuinty to even explore the Green Lanterns galaxy, the remains of the planet Krypton....there is so much more that can be added and expanded from that alone. Enough to create an expansion that would be mind blowing and amaze the die DC fans and DCUO fans. If this were somehow to materialize, I would further support DCUO and SOE and make sure to do my part in helping spreading the word about the expansion. And if given the opportuniy, even help out with testing, suggestions or anything I can be of help with if SOE were to approach and ask me to help. I would be a great ambassador for DCUO. My love for the game, knows no bounds and I just wish for its success to be limitless and never ending. Please SOE,  heed my word and suggestions, and do whats best for us DCUO fans. I will forever be grateful and dont want to see DCUO end up a dead community where I am running around with a few people trying the game and leaving not long after because of the dead player base. Its already saddening to see the same players over and over and no new people or veterans. But Im sure an expansion and marketing and awarness project would bring DCUO back to life again to the peaks of MMO history and amazement that its destined to be. It should be rivaling WOW. WOW has no real rival and I thought DCUO had that potential with its already rich history of lore and stories that are already out there. How amazing would it be to play it with your own created hero ?!?! 9.7/10 - Almost Perfect
7/10
8/10
7.5/10
What an epic following to the original DOTA. Ice Frog, your one hell of gaming legend!
Excellent game and deserves Game of the Year. Reminds me of Fallout alot but is different in its own way. The graphics are unique and work well since it is consistent throughout the game.
Another great FPS from Valve. The design and look of the game is fitting for the game and its over the top kills and its hilarious elements built into the game.  Highly recommended for those who enjoy Valve and FPS games.
Great fun game. Nostalgia of the old SNES days has spawned a great sandbox game similar to Minecraft but much more action focused.
