Now before I start, yes, I have only played 6.8 hours on THIS VERSION! I have two accounts on two seperate PCs and my other account has the original dark souls 2. I-'m basing this review on changes only as I would automatically recomend it if you are into this kinda thing. The new enemy placements are fantastic but not perfect, it makes the game 30% harder to get into, especially for newcomers to the series. Some enemys are in their respected areas unlike the original version except one thing.........that first boss you encounter.....pops up randomly throughout the game if you are part of the -Company Of Champions- and messes you up. Does this hurt the game? NO. This ultimately gives this title some exra difficulty and stress the first game (dark souls) was renound for. There are plenty of these kinds of changes as well as item placement which makes (what would have been common) items much rarer than you would expect. This really is the Company Of Champions/ New Game ++ version of the original dark souls 2 and if you have some extra pocket money....make the incestment!
Its getting better
This game isn't as bad as people say, the gameplay gets repedtitve and the acting is average, but the story is one you would expect from a Game Of Thrones licenced game
Play it on PS4
I have spent countless of hours on this game and it was so much fun, joing a party with mates and smashing zombies heads in with frying pans. It really is something uniqie, it hasn't got a direction, you just play how you want and make your own fun. eg. in a sesh with some friends and you see a witch.....shouldn't shoot it....but you do, this is what makes this game awesome.But the visuals are rather medicore and should have been so much better at the time of its release. The gore is cool,the action is cool but the story is ♥♥♥♥, but thats ok becasue this game doesn't need a story it needs more weapons and MORE ♥♥♥♥ING MODS!!!!!! Enjoy 8/10
This game is just downright terrible, they changed the name from war z to -Investation: SURVIVAL STORIES-, nice trick. It is buggy as all hell and there is barely anyone playing. You may buy some ammo for $5 REAL MONEY then get chomped on by a zombie,losing everything. Ok that happens in other games but in other games you can retrieve those items, not in this one. It is boring the audio is ♥♥♥♥ and there is no premiss or fun. this game gets a 2/10.......hang on....thats to nice.......it gets a 1/10 THANKS FOR READING AND DON-'T BUY THIS GAME!!!!!
