The Original is always the best (except for this case)Pros-Old and Cheap downloadable title-Multiplayer can take hours away from you-Easter Eggs-Started the bag throwing simulation genre-Graphics are pretty good for its time-Takes the art of bank heist seriously-Promotes mercy against civilians-Can finish each match differently, stealth/loud/melee-Good concept and presented really wellCons-A.I. is soooooooooooooo bad! (but who plays this in singleplayer mode anyway)-Payday 2 is better-Only a few maps-Some graphical and texture bugsWell...this game is worth a buy but only buy it during a sale is my saying because PAYDAY 2 exceeds this game in every single way (even the number of DLCs). I haven't played this game since the end of 2013 so I don't know if people still play it or its dead.Score: Get it on sale!Final Verdict: 7/10
Ignore the unpaid critics and just buy this.Pros-Compelling mystery-Interesting bond between Ronan and Joy-Frightening Enemies-Walking through walls-Wonderful Idea and concept-Main story line has heaps of twists and turns-HEAPS of collectibles-Has real Salem History-Pretty good story-You can possess a cat...a CAT!Cons-Limited Gameplay-Bugs (Not being able to get out of someone's body)-Only 6 hours long-Weak characterization and not enough backstory-Weak ending boss fight-Weak fighting mechanics (Walking behind a enemy and doing a QTE)-NPCs are all duplicates-Voices are also duplicates-World seems...lifeless-No punishment for guessing the wrong clue-Visuals are lackingOverall, let me make this clear. THIS GAME IS NOT ABOUT GAMEPLAY, ITS A STORY GAME. If you are looking for hardcore gameplay and challenging puzzles walk away because none of that is here. This is a story game and if you are patient enough to go through the 6 hours of compelling story then go for this game but majority of people won't. If you are a story person like me then pick this up during a sale if you aren't then don't bother cause you'll just be wasting money.Final Verdict: Get it on sale!Score: 7/10 “This life ain't over 'til you're honest about what you owe. Set everything right. Settle your debts. Then you can move on.” - Ronan O'Connor
Pros-I got it for a 14 cents-Interesting Ideas-Trading Cards-Nostalgic-The view-changing mechanics are goodCons-The Graphics-Gameplay-No story-No Achievements-Enemies are too tanky-Enemies are seem to be the same-It's boring; its not fun-Clunky controlsOverall, I do NOT recommend this game, i mean sure im kinda happy with the price I got it for but I truly do not recommend this game because it has good ideas but it gets them all wrong like the main character able to change colours and abilites that is a good idea but its so bad. I literally played for like 5 mins and after that I just left the game on for the trading cards and once they were all out, I immediately uninstalled this game. I mean if you get it as cheap as I did then you can but its honestly not worth it.Rating: Don't get it/ Get it on saleFinal Verdict: 3/10
Its Early Access...but its goodPros-Multiplayer-Very VERY Atmospheric-Guns with cool iron sights-Cheap-Smooth gameplay-Developers haven't ditched this game and run, they are still doing constant upgrades every several weeks-Sci-fi-High potential-Scary at times-Really good controls-Community is mature, not toxic #LOL #CODCons-You only shoot these robots-Need more guns-Spearhead EditionEven with these cons, its expected that the game will be fixed in future updates. Overall, really fun game and I see a lot of potential in it. I can't really give it a final verdict but its good enough already for me to recommend it.Early Access Verdict (Update 17): Go get it!
Just to note throughout the entire game, you are shooting TalibansPros-Smooth gameplay-Strong and good gun sound effects-Developed along with with DICE-Multiplayer is playable...i guess- DUSTY a.k.a. grizzly adamsCons-Too Generic-Developer =EA-Its a Military FPS-Doesn't live up to the 'Medal of Honor™' name -Crap A.I.-Feels like some COD but just slapped on with the Medal of Honor trademark-No recoil for some weaponsOverall, this name is not good. It does not live up the Medal of Honor name and to be honest from this game onwards, the Medal of Honor games don't get any better. Just get airborne or any of the classics since the new ones are too generic, bland and boring as hell. ...Same goes with COD and Battlefield.
This game seriously gave me nauseaPros-Draws inspirations from Maurits Cornelis Escher or otherwise known as famously, M.C. Escher.-Funky Art Design-Calming and soothing music-Nice unique puzzlesCons-Gave me Nausea-Gave me a headache also-Starts off incredibly easy then jumps to insanely hard-The Gameplay is so slow-TOO MANY RAGE-QUITS-its a fact, the art design isn't originalIf you see this game on sale, like I did. I got it for 99c,I admit it made me rage-quit a bit but overall the game is good but not for everyone.Rating: Don't read this review and just get itFinal Verdict: 7/10
