Starting off, this game is great, even for the long line of apocalypse survival games all over the Store.Lets go through some headings.Graphics:The graphics look real, but are kind of off. I like that though, because it reminds me it's just a game. Very realistic, havent played on ultra settings yet. 8/10Great graphics that will surely improve before the game is finished.Gameplay (Singleplayer)Some advice. Play singleplayer before multiplayer. On Multiplayer servers, all the good players are already in their own little cult, and the new ones dont want to group. Train a little here.With greatly adjustible settings, you can make it a noob's paradise, or a masochist's dream.Amazingly, the game isn't as boring as other singleplayer games I've played. With enough excitement, loot and crafting, it keeps you playing, even if it is just to learn. Howver, playing for long periods will get you bored.9/10Much less boring than expected. 'Nuff said.Gameplay (Multiplayer)More advice: Have friends who play the game. As I said, the good players are taken, and the noobs don't want to group. This is from personal experiance.Anyway, multiplayer gameplay is just like singleplayer, but with the excitement of base raiding, friendly communities and meetings. You marvel at the complex architechture of other people's bases, before falling into a spike trap. Happened to me once.Finally managing to gear up with help from an experianced player makes it so much more fun, and making daily loot runs is a great part of the game. However, there needs to be more player contact. I hardly see anyone, even on the big servers.9.5/10Brillant base building, exploring with friends and such. Needs more player contact.Gameplay (Other Notes)Here I'll talk about other intricacies of the wastelands, such as the zombies themselves, the crafting, and the base building.ZombiesStandard undead creatures. However, the devs had the great idea of having many variants of zombie all with different loot, such as nurses, which drop bandages and pills, etc. Combat feels comfortable, and weapon animations are realistic. However, Zombies are only difficult in hordes, that appear commonly if you're not careful. They're also pretty hard at night. Then, they Usain Bolt sprint everywhere, and are ridicously hard to deal with in even small numbers.Zombies+Combat9/10Easy-peasy combat with great variance in enemies. Difficulty increase at nighttime is original and creative.Specials.The game has a few 'special zombies' that you should be semi-afraid of.Bloated Zombie: Big, fat zombie that has way more health. Appears everywhere.Boomer Zombie: Same as Bloated, but can vomit acid that destroys everything in its path. Also explodes when you get too close. An actual threat, but only seems to appear uncommonly near the capital city.Zombie Dog: Rottweilers that easily outrun you and easily get you if you're not watching. Appears rarely in everywhere.Hornets: These are the scary ones. I've been freaked out when a hornet notices me, because I have a lot of difficulty killing them with melee and I can't waste bullets on them. At night, it freaks you out hearing that buzzing. Appears commonly near the hub city, but can appear anywhere.8/10Rare enough not to feel recycled, but there should be more types. Current ones are scary enough though.CraftingLoads, and Loads of different things to craft. Ranging from hoes to sniper rifles to forges, the recipes are easy to follow and resources are reasonably obvious to grab and use. Once you have the hang of it, basic recipes are memorized and used automatically when starting anew.10/10Fresh, realistic crafting system with loads of possibilities that leaves powerful items hard to get and essentials easy to make.Servers (I am droning on a bit. Sorry.)As an Australian, I'm pleased to have loads and loads and loads of low-ping servers (220 or so listed on the website server list.) Even playing with pings of 100 is absoultely fine, with lag only appearing around the 300 range. 10/10Easy to enter servers that are reliable and have a great community all round.That wraps up my second review. Conclusion:Buy the game, and nag your friends to buy it too. It's defintely worth its price of $25, and as it develops, it'll worth much more than that. If there's a sale, buy one for your friend as well.
Ahh, Unturned.Times with friends building our skyscraper base visible from kilometers away.Making Clive Palmer-esque collections of cars of every kind.Now in preparations in what seems to be the ridiculously large 3.0 update, Unturned is set to get even better.Graphics:I wasn't expecting much from an indie dev in terms of graphics. After all, I don't consider graphics to be super important like others do. But, when I first loaded it up, I was impressed. While not the flashiest and smoothest pictures ever, the environment still looks beautiful, one that prompts reflection on life when standing on top of the highest hill.What's great is that it is going to get better as time goes on.7.5/10Gamplay (Singleplayer)Singleplayer in zombie survival games never work out so well, because its such a depressing concept, being alone in the apocalypse. Plus its boring. However, Unturned somehow manages to turn SinglePlayer into a semi-enjoyable experiance, unlike many other games.I used it to learn the basics of crafting and building, but past that, I didn't play it.6.5/10Gameplay (Multiplayer)Well... First time encounter of a FRIENDLY player in zombie survival games. Depending on others to make the experiance better for everyone.Looting together, driving together, it all so fun. I have yet to participate in a drive-by shooting :P64 player servers on PEI map. Welcome to Unturned: FPS version. Fun as heck, encountering players every two minutes really does keep your guard up.However, loot scarceness on bigger servers needs to be improved. Competing with 63 other players for a can of cola is not as fun as it sounds.Thanks to my acquantinces Slip, Overlad1 and a couple of other peeps for hosting a private server for me.9/10 (Mainly due to  Friendlypocalypse :D)World DesignPrince Edward's Island is beautifully designed for travel, and lots of it. Towns made to seem real and like someone actually lived there once is a big plus.Storyline, even though so small, fits well with the map (Military destroy Confed. Bridge to stop spread, etc.)For some reason, I haven't found anything regarding the lore. More of that please :)8/10ConclusionUnturned is a great game if you need an alternative to DayZ (Because of DayZ's PEGI 18 rating. That's right kids.)Might want to hold off a week to wait for that big 3.0 update to finally arrive.imgoodatgaming, signing out.
