Having only played 1 out of the 5 parts of this game thus far, I feel I need to first note that I-'ve seen a few promising starts in video games go down the tubes by the time you get to the end. In that regard, -Life Is Strange- is quite capable of  letting us down. It has mysterious and fantastic elements which, while excellent for drawing the crowds in at the beginning, will really demand some great writing later on in order for us to feel satisfied with the way they-'ve been used by the end. Some games give us intriguing beginnings such as this, yet eventually begin to feel too convoluted to enjoy, or that their fantasy elements feel so -tacked on- by the end that they become all but meaningless.That being said, what I-'ve seen of -Life Is Strange- thus far gives me no cause to doubt that these developers are giving us a memorable, staisfying and perhaps even life changing experience, piece by piece.Part 1 delivers us a wonderfully character-driven story filled with intrigue, drama, thrills and so much depth. It-'s immersive as hell - you can-'t help but feel like you really are Max every second your playing this game, living her dramas, reliving her old memories and agonizing over her impossible -no right answer- dillemmas. The rest of the cast of characters are so unique, believable and well fleshed out. This would have to be the most impressive aspect of the game, thus far.Gameplay-wise, -Life Is Strange- is more an -interactive movie- then a traditional computer game. Most of the game revolves around handling social interactions in just the right way to produce the outcome your most happy to live with (bad choices will come back to haunt you, apparently), but that being said, there are plenty of practical puzzles to keep old-school gamers who were reared on -Myst-, ect happy. Without dropping any spoilers, the way the game handles time is an enjoyable little innovation, though perhaps gluttons for a challenge might think it makes the puzzles too easy.Stylistically, this game reminded me of -Alan Wake-. Though it-'s nowhere near as gothic (yet!), certain elements like the geography, vague supernatural elements that only afflict the protagonist, use of music and especially the turbulent fantasy segments involving creepy lighthouses just made this game feel like it was a child - or some other relative - of -Alan Wake--'s.One thing I really have to complement about this game is the visual style. Even though the graphics aren-'t photo-realistic, there is real and constant beauty in the look of this game - especially in it-'s use of light. But more then simply being pretty, the visual style of -Life Is Strange- is also brilliant, as the outer beauty of -Arcadia Bay- is in stark contrast to much of the ugliness and unhappiness that hides behind it. You can-'t help but notice how these two elements of the game clash and you just know that this isn-'t happening by accident. Small wonder that we also find ourselves with a -plain- protagonist who is actually quite beautiful where it counts, and a -beautiful- villainess who is ugly and cold on the inside. You can-'t judge any books by their covers in -Life Is Strange-. The fact that photography is such an important aspect of our protagonist-'s character also betrays the fact that -Life Is Strange--'s visual style has been very carefully managed to suit the story, by clever, diligent developers.All in all, from what I-'ve seen thus far, I couldn-'t NOT reccomend this game to anyone who loves an engrossing story-based adventure. Potential for pitfalls aside, everything I just experienced in my play-through left me thoroughly impressed. I can-'t wait to see what happens next!
I've been screwed over paying for indy games on steam before, so despite the interesting promotional snapshots I saw of this, I was reluctant to take the plunge and actually buy it. It was an impulsive buy on my part when the game came up on sale for 40% regular price. And now I am so glad I bought this.It's short, and it certainly won't win any awards for amazing graphics, but the storyline(s) absolutely hook you and drag you completely into this simple, yet completely engaging world. I don't want to ruin this review with spoilers, so I'll simply say that from start to finish, this game/story is superb, with all it's mystery, depth, atmosphere (honestly, I spent most of the game wondering which genre it would turn out to be!), and especially heart.Thank you so much, developers, for sharing this wonderful work of art with us. Had I known how good it was going to be, I would've gladly paid full price.
In a nutshell: I really enjoyed this game.-Shantae and the Pirate-'s Curse- made me feel like I was back playing my old SNES. For a game made in 2014, it does an excellent job of capturing that classic old platformer feel and gameplay. But the appeal of this game doesn-'t end with the nostalgia factor. There-'s some really good humor in this game which makes for a really enjoyable play experience and the puzzles can get a bit tricky; not so much that they become a nuisance, but just enough to make you clever when you figure them out.The characters were great and had a surprising amount of depth for a game that shows so much cleavage (pun not intended). There-'s a lot of character development in this game and, especially by the end, I found myself caring more then I would have expected about what happened to them and their relationships with one another. For me, this was one of the game-'s most endearing qualities.On the negative side, this game does have it-'s imperfections, too. I mentioned earlier how this was a very loyal SNES-era style platformer and it is, in both the good ways and the bad. Playing Shantae and the Pirate-'s Curse reminded me why I would sometimes get so frustrated as a kid that I-'d throw my controller at the wall. Things like timed jumps and frustratingly narrow gaps between spike filled walls, when not used properly, can easily become a nuisance which detracts from the enjoyability of a game. Shantae and the Pirate-'s Curse unfortunately succumbs to this pitfall. Long sequences that relied upon me timing numerous jumps perfectly - under threat of being sent back to the beginning over and over and over until I got it right- were aggrivating and the game would-'ve been much better if they had been made so that you only took damage when you made a mistake, instead of being sent back to the beginning. The final journey to the big-boss was the most notorious culprit here, but there were other areas that suffered from the same problem. Forcing a player to replay long sequences over and over and over is annoyingly repetative and makes for a poor impression of the game as a whole.Also, while I was able to get my Logitech Precision gamepad to work with this game, it required me to do some serious tweaking with some 3rd party software to get it to work and I was a little disappointed that Shantae and the Pirates Curse didn-'t include native support for it. -Shantae and the Pirate-'s Curse- is the kind of game that is really meant to be played with a controller (I briefly tried to play it via keyboard and I found it really awkward and hard on the fingers), so it-'s a shame there wasn-'t more effort put in to insuring that the game was more compatible with controllers.But I won-'t let these minor frustrations ruin what was overall a really fun game! This game was well worth the money I paid for it and I will be eagerly awaiting it-'s sequel!
