Fantastic twin-stick shooter, bullet-hell style game, with roguelike level generation.Can honestly say that the screenshots and video don't manage to convey how much fun it is to actually play.Thanks Arcen for a great title, and extra thanks for the native linux support!
It's probably the closest thing we've got to the original Colin McRae, in regards to simulating rally [not just in the car handling, but in the actual race logistics; repairing damage in between stages, getting a decent crew who can repair more damage between stages etc].The stages are very long, and very challenging with lots of different road conditions to keep you on your game. Car handling will take a lot of getting used to if you are only used to Dirt, and even if not they still take a lot of concentration and planning ahead to drive them fast and not wreck horribly. The sound is top notch. What I was most surprised by was how good the video performance is. You can tell it has been optimised very well for PC. My system isn't exactly new by any means [Phenom II 940 @ 3.5GHz, Radeon 6970 @ 950MHz, 16GB RAM], yet I can run it comfortably with almost everything on Ultra settings @ 1080p. Framerate is around 60fps most of the time, and drops no lower than 40's from time to time. Very impressed!Overall, it's a pure rally game. All of the time and effort has gone into the rally experience, and it really shows. Would recommend if you are looking for a more hardcore rallying game.I will say to take some time to play around with the controls, however. In particular, when I started playing I felt a real disconnect between my control inputs [gamepad] and the car. What I found to be the cause was the 'Linearity' option under advanced gamepad options. Setting it to 100% fixed it right up, mapping my steering input 1:1 with the actual steering input.
It's still as good as the day it was released! Always worth a re-visit!
Some weird difficulty spikes at times become frustrating with only checkpoint saving. But otherwise a fun game with some fantastic shooter gameplay. Multiplayer is a blast as well.Plus, it's max! :p
