Not standing up simulator.10/10
Like viking style RPGs? This may be an old game but its pretty good.
Jimmy supported the weight of 50 sticky, half naked men on just his ♥♥♥♥.10/10
Wow! Ive been playing this game for ages now and it hasn't got any worse since the day I started playing it. You can create your own weapons of war and use them against you opponent, the only limit is your CPU limit and imagination. Mentioning CPU, it is a bit annoying, but I suppose it stops people from creating robots that are too OP.The graphics are a bit average on the landscapes, but I understand its in alpha and nothing is completed. But what are graphics when you have a fun, addctive game.I rate it a 8/10, as it is fun, addictive and is very different and unique to other games with its robot building option. The only reason why it isn't higher is that its landscape graphics are average. But apart from that, a good game!
This game makes you feel like the mayor of a town, tending to a village and making decisions about what will happen to it. I dare to say that it is probably one of the best village creator out there, with intersting gameplay, decent graphics and a really good soundtrack.I would rate it a 7/10, as it is an amazing game, but some things need to be fixed like people starving to death in a fully grown cabbage field and some other problems here and there.
(Just to tell you before you whine about it, I dont completly hate the game and I know its only in alpha and still being devaloped, but this is my review on the alpha, not what the full game is going to be like).When I got this game, the idea of being in a zombie apocalypse sounded fun. Until I played it. I dont hate it, it is a good game with good graphics and it is very enjoyable. The only problem is that all it is is walking for ten minutes and looting every town. Followed by you getting killed by a bunch of bandits (I suck at running away). Its very repedative. Overall, I understand that it is still in alpha and I wont remove it yet as there are updates to come, cars, bug fixes etc. But so far in its current state, I dont like the game.
I'd say this is one of Valve's most finest games. There are very interesting characters and fun gameplay. I also like its cartoonish graphics style that really puts the icing on the cake.
An all out great game, great story, great characters and a great ending.
