Probably one of the funniest things I have ever played in recent memory. Some things like to bug out, but it's these bugs which sorta add to the appeal of the whole game.Having said that though, the novelty does wear off fairly quickly, and you may only get a couple of hours out of the game before you start to get bored. I'd recommend waiting until the Workshop starts filling up with more stuff once the game is actually out on Steam before buying, so you can guarantee yourself hours of fun!
Alright so this is coming from a guy who doesn-'t necessarily not like, but isn-'t a fan of traditional RPGs.If you-'re doubting buying this game, look how much time I-'ve sunk into it. It-'s not overly long like other RPGs (I got the normal and -'true-' endings in a little over 12 hours gameplay, and to be quite honest I don-'t have the heart to do the genocide ending), but it-'ll take a lot longer if you explore every nook and cranny the world.Now you-'re probably thinking -Gee willikers, only 12 hours? Is this pile of poop really worth tenbux?-My answer is simply: HELL ♥♥♥♥IN YES.Admittedly, it might take a certain type of person to really enjoy this game, and if you-'re not a fan of RPGs this game probably isn-'t for you, but if you-'re that type of person... wow, Undertale is definitely a candidate for GOTY. This game will toy with your emotions, throw curveballs at you when you least expect it, probably frustrate you with a couple of fights, and you will love every single moment of it. And also probably cry. And definitely laugh.And even then, if you-'re still doubting buying this video game after reading this and the hundreds and hundreds of other positive reviews like these, grab it anyway and if you don-'t like it, get a refund from Steam before you hit the 2 hour mark. That and there-'s also a short demo on the official website. A very easy way to make sure that <$1/hr of good light-hearted and feel-good (unless you don-'t want it to be) entertainment is right for you!
One of the announcers runs the Your Text Spoken SoundCloud. Enough said.
