So normally I don't really write reviews, but this is one of those times where I feel like I should.RWBY: Grimm Eclipse is a pretty freaking amazing game for being in Early Access. I have followed this game since its inception and it has not let me down yet. GE (Grimm Eclipse) is a hack and slash game which can be played with upto four people. The basis of GE, RWBY, is an animated show released by RoosterTeeth, and this game shows how amazing that company can be.The story is still pretty bare bones, but is constantly being added to as the updates roll out. However, the story in GE is seperate from RWBY, from Volume 2 of the show on. This is great as it allows the devs to have fun with the IP they got.The gameplay, where do i begin, is freaking awesome. Think Metal Gear Rising: Revengance with 4 highschool girls in a world where the normal rules of physics are thrown out of the window. Each character has their own play style, and moves to complement said style. Personally I play as Weiss Schnee. She is more of the mage character, as she is more support and area based with her moves than the rest of her team. While i do mainly play as Weiss, i have unlocked all the special skills for every character. While it can take some time if you do it on your own, playing with others, whether its friends or random people, is much more enjoyable and will net you more kills.Graphically it looks breath taking. This game is built in unity, so be prepared for bright colours and amazing models. There are a few different graphical settings: Potato, for if you dont have the best PC/Laptop, Normal, and Ultra, which is what i run. There is no V-Sync, however with the right settings it will run at a buttery smooth 60FPS.All in all this game is really enjoyable and if you have the money, give it a go, you will not regret it!I rate this game a 9.5/10, but keep in mind this is still an early access game.
I love this game. The story lines that each character has is in depth and well thought out. The combat can be a bit spammy at first, but it works once you get to the higher levels.
This game is the perfect sequal to Portal. The gameplay is simmilar enough so that peple who have not played the first installment, can just enjoy the story for what it is.
