I'm reluctantly giving this a thumbs up, because it had pretty graphics and there was some enoyable content. However, the game is pretty much just a choose your own adventure/visual novel. You can move around and interact with one or two items, but otherwise its Click through the Dialogue then make a choice. Click through more dialague and make another choice. Meh. And while you can change your choices by replaying, the game is still way too short imo. I'll probably play it again to unlock some achievements, but I'm glad I bought it on sale and didn't pay full price.
Negatives: Freemium - Yes its a free game, but there is a store to buy recipes/items for coins that you buy with real $$$. Its not cheap either. Its buggy. (yes, early access.) Its sloooow. I constantly feel like I am lagging, though I don-'t think I am, it just isn-'t very smooth. And it takes time to do everything. Suck up a stone, takes time. Sucking up mushrooms, takes time. Crafting items takes about 30 seconds per item. So you need 8 slabs? yeah, thats a few minutes. There is some standing around waiting time. And to adress the elephant in the room, yes. It IS very similar to minecraft. So similar that I-'m surprised they-'ve gotten away with it to be honest! I also doubt there will be much of a modding community. It also feels like its aimed at younger people too, which I don-'t feel with minecraft. Positives: It runs on my late 2009 iMac. Its fun. Despite the similarity, it does have some differences to Minecraft. Instead of using a pick you use a wrist gadget that -sucks- the resources out of the ground. Your character is a regular looking person, cartoonish - not blocky. (The boy reminds me of Ben 10.) The graphics are -better- in that they are polished and cartoonish. (I still love Minecraft-'s graphics though!) And aside from the stone/wood not everything is blocky. The creatures are rounded and like cute little animals. There are some pretty cool skeletons that look like warthogs. Definitely a game to try. Its free so what do you have to lose? Just keep in mind the Freemium and the bugs. 
That this game has (at the time of this review) more negative reviews than positive ones should tell you something. But that aside, from my own experience, I cannot recommend this game.I played for half an hour or so and found it really difficult if not impossible to make a profit on the goods I had. No matter what goods I bought, I could not sell them anywhere and end up with more money than I had before I started. Between the random prices, getting robbed, travel expenses... there is no way you can make money. One could probably forgive this (and the lack of 16-bit graphics and the bugs) if it was just a matter of the learning curve, but with 16bit Trader there is no learning curve. The game doesn't get better. It doesn't reward you for persevering. It's just broken and does not work as intended. Do not buy this game. Do not buy this game on sale. Do not accept it in a trade. Do not play this game even if you get it for free! That is how bad it is. Not even for free.  If this was a free game, I would still tell you not to play it. But it isn't free. So save your $2.99 and spend it on a better game.
It's a great start but it wasn't long enough to keep me playing, even though I wanted to keep playing! Adventure mode can be completed in a couple of hours, and there is fun to be had - until you run out of things to do. It feels like the developer started to make a great game and then stopped development. The core basics are there, but it lacks content and there are a few things that ARE there, that probably aren't really necessary. For example, I don't think I used silver once. I didn't need to kill fish for food, even though that is an option and there were carrot seeds that I never used. (Once you get your potatoes going, that's pretty much all you need.)  I had a chest full of rocks, but nothing to do with them. Torches didn't really seem to illuminate an area. But could be used to mark a trail I guess. There was an abundance of plant life that seemed like it could be useful, but was just decoration. I'm recommending this game, as I did have fun playing for a few hours. But in my opinion its not worth the full price. Get it when there is a Steam Sale on!Tip: Once you get the last piece of submarine, it is pretty much game over. If you want to play for longer, put off finding that last piece! 
If you like getting down and nerdy and then this is your game. Even more fun with 3D glasses.
I really loved the atmosphere of this game. The graphics were great, I loved the snow! It runs really well on my late 2009 iMac at default settings. There was a lot I liked in the game. It really gave a sense of loneliness and desolation as you were wandering around exploring the area. I-'m recommending it, as its actually quite beautiful and the potential is there for a fantastic game!That said, there were some issues. Exploration. The novelty quickly wore off. After playing for a couple of hours walking around became tedious. Its so slow. Painfully slow. It made me NOT want to explore and I love exploring! I get it, its cold and the cold/snow would make me slow down. And add to that, if you-'re carrying too much... you slow down even more. And it is so easy to carry too much. The game gives you that sense of -keep all the things!- because you need to survive right? But you can-'t carry enough to keep everything you find. I found at times I was ditching good food just to pick up something else that was good that I could use. So many times I was just carrying way too much and getting slowed down so much. But even just walking around with your clothes and minimal essentials felt too slow. I-'m not wanting to run everywhere or fast travel or anything. Just walking at a good pace would be nice.  The biggest issue though, was that after a few hours I felt like there wasn-'t much left to do. Sure, I could slowly walk over there and explore that hut and find more stuff I already had. I could explore that area over there but I do and there is nothing there to really see. And then what? I have enough food for a while thanks to some fishing hooks and what I-'ve found looting, I have a fire going in a house I found, so I-'m warm with lots wood that I have dragged back to the house. I-'m wearing warm clothes (and haven-'t found anything warmer). I-'m melting snow for water so I might get thirsty but I-'m not going to die of thirst. There-'s a big warm bed I can sleep in. I-'m only on day 8 or 9 and what now? I don-'t feel there is enough to keep me playing to earn that -survived 200 days- achievement right now. But I do know this game is Early Access. The game isn-'t finished. So hopefully when I come back to this game (and I will come back to this game) there will be lots more to do! Because I want to love this game. I do like what is there so far.  I can-'t wait to see how the game grows.
