In the short time that I-'ve played the game there are two things that have jumped out at me.The first is that the game has very fun, fast gameplay. The game definitely rewards skill and with great precision you can kill even the highest levelled players. The combat can be frustrating when you get completely stunlocked by another player, which is especially frustrating for a new player who does not understand the game yet and is attempting to learn the mechanics. In terms of the gameplay, this game is very good.The second thing that I have noticed is that this game is EXTREMELY unbalanced. Although the game claims that it will match you with players of -equal level and skill-, it is lying to you. At level 1, you will get matched with level 20 players that have full sets of gear and will tear you apart. This makes learning the basics of the game very difficult. It also makes the game somewhat unfair. They definitely need to fix the matchmaking in this game ASAP. It deters new players (like myself) almost immediately from wanting to play the game any further. The gameplay is great and so is the game itself, but this level of unbalance and the feeling of it being unfair from the very beginning has made me turn my decision and not recommend this game for the moment. The learning curve is too great for you to be thrown into a game full of high level players.I hope that this gets changed soon, I see real potential in this game.
Brothers is a beautiful game. Not only does it offer a gorgeous art-style that will have you in wonder with each new tileset, it also offers an interesting approach to co-operative gameplay. This game is unique due to the co-operative gameplay being all single player. The individual controls both the brothers on their journey. Although this method of gameplay can be confusing, it offers a new and fresh way of playing a co-operative adventure game. The controls are fluid, the only difficulty being in attempting to keep track of the directions of both the brothers at the same time. The game offers a great story that is very easy to fall into on an emotional level. If you do not own this game, you should buy it.
With robot ninjas and great flow of combat this game gives you a great action experience. In between a few little downsides like build time and the platinum market, this game is not at all pay to win and will give you countless hours of enjoyment if you're willing to put time into it.
Serena places you in an old cabin in control of a man that is lost and confused. The main question being: 'Where is Serena?- Throughout this short exploration game that question is answered in a twist of emotions and memories that will have you empathising with the character. This dark game is very easy to control and displays great writing along with great art and a wonderful turn of events that will not end how you expect, I promise you.Given that this game is free, you can expect that it may not deliver much. This game is not such a case. I would recommend this game to absolutely anybody that enjoys exploration/adventure games or those that desire a wonderful story that may leave you with a shiver down your spine.A fantastic free game.
