Unlike other people here I rekon that its not that awesome.Things I dislike: - AI characters range is patheticly small - The new characters are just slight improvements of older ones. - Some of the animations looks weird. - A few bugs. Example; when horses archers die the horse falls onto the ground but the rider just sinks into the ground strat away. - The wood huts are very uneffecient early game and houses and weopon production and food production buildings are expensive on wood. Things I liked:EVERYTHING ELSE!!!I understand that this is the first day of realease but I hope they actually ♥♥♥♥ing fix the bugs unlike Stronghold 3!
The night before this review was written I was playing TheHunter:Primal.I was in the jungle and I heard the calls of three raptors, I killed them with my trusty shotgun which I'd had for almost a week now. Then Two raptors came at me from the front of me and two from behind. I ran and hid in a tree trunk-cave thingy and soon the four raptors were running around the tree like a game of duck, duck, goose. After about 1min I tried to shoot one of the raptors, failed and that shot attracted another 2 raptors. I was pretty much ♥♥♥♥ed as I had only one shot left in my gun. As all hope seemed lost two players on a nearby hill started spraying bullets at the utahs. After they had killed two I drew out my rusty, homemade matchete and got out my phone and youtubed the Lord of the Rings 'Battle of the Black Gate speech'. I then yelled 'FOR VICTORY' in real life, charged out of my cave and........ died. If you buy this game then you will have alot of adventures and stories to tell about. P.S NEEDS MORE DINOSAURS (maybe a crocdile that spawns in lakes and beaches and pretends to be a log until a player gets close and it strikes?)
I'm surpised that its still $80 dispite it being a year old. However I believe its worth every penny. If there is more positive reviews than there is negative reviews you can tell Creative Assmebly is doing something right. Not like how the haters speak about the game.
