I cannot do this I am not strong enough. My will is too weak.For those of you suffering from PTSD from this game here is a recipe to make a brownie in a mug.Heavenly Brownie in a MugIngredients1/4 cup flour (50 g)1/4 cup sugar (70 g)2 Tbsp (13 g) cocoa (natural, unsweetened)Pinch of saltTiny pinch of cinnamon1/4 cup water (60 ml)2 Tbsp canola oil or vegetable oil (NOT extra virgin olive oil, it-'s too strongly flavored)1 to 2 drops vanilla extract1 small scoop of ice cream or 1 or 2 teaspoons heavy whipping cream to serve1. Put flour, sugar, cocoa, salt, and cinnamon in a microwave safe ceramic mug. Stir that ♥♥♥♥ with a fork or spoon to mix well and break up any goopy clumpies.2. Add the oil, water, and vanilla to the cup and stir until the mixture is smooth and there are no goopy clumpies.3. Place in microwave and heat on high until the mixture is cooked through, about a 1 minute and 40 seconds for a 1000 watt microwave. If you don-'t know the power of your microwave just ♥♥♥♥ around until you get it.4. Let that ♥♥♥♥ cool for a minute and serve with a scoop of vanilla ice cream or a teaspoon or two of whipping cream poured over. Awww Yissss.5.Eat that ♥♥♥♥ while shivering under a blanket and contemplating how your life lead you here.10/10 -Would bang--IGN
A definitive list of why i've wasted over 100+ hours on this game.Pros: o Maxwell is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.o It's easy to get wet. ;^)o Wigfrid can shoot her ohmlauts all over my unworthy face.o Webber sounds like a guitar violently skittering down some stairs with the strings down.o You can eat mushrooms until you die.o You can eat a lot of things until you die.o You can die.o Wilson's beard is majestic.o You can finally play a character that's as lonely as you are.o You can work really hard to build a base and then watch it burn to the ground helplessly as you can do nothing about it, all of your hard work wasted.o Did I mention you can die?Cons:o Not enough things to eat that cause death.o ???
Proving a fantastic outlet for both my lust for mindless violence and my secret all-consuming fetish for mens millinery.
