This is an awesome Sourcebook for Shadowrun 5th Edition, it has a lot of information about Boston, the events involving the Boston Lockdown game, and even has a few new toys to play with, if you can afford them!Warning: This sourcebook contains a LOT of information about the game, so if you dont want any spoilers i recommend playing through the game before reading the .pdf file.Also for those wondering, this is not the same .pdf that you get in the deluxe edition.
After playing for a few hours I can say this game is well worth the $15.4 Character classes, loads of quests and elite monsters to kill, its like if Zenonia and Torchlight II had a baby, then raised it into the best game it could be.The Developer really cares about the game, as does the community, so you can always find someone to play with no matter when you play.I rate the game 9/10, would be a 10/10 but I cant make my character cursor green... :(P.S, If you have any issues check the steam forums, there are a couple of known issues which have easy fixes, should work fine for 99% of people, unless your on win 10.
DISCLAIMER: Ths review is based off very little actual gameplay, but...I have played this game very little, but I am very disappointed.At first Avadon 2 looks like a good throwback to old school RPGs, and it very well might be, however the very first sentence of text in the game was so badly written I barely wanted to continue, but I thought -Hey, maybe it gets better-, but it didnt...First sentence:-You walk out of your wrecked, garbage-strewn barracks into another, slightly larger, wrecked, garbage-strewn barracks... once you walk outside, ou can find the scout-First part of the game and already running out of words to describe things, not good considering this is meant to be an RPG with a great story.-Its cold outside, but Silke was nice enough to leave your cloak at the door-Okay, well why didnt tey hang it up somewhere instead of leaving iton the floor?-You enter the low hall where the woodsmen who lived and worked here took their meals...-Took their meals? couldnt think of a better word like -ate-?-You hear scratches, you hope they dont smell you-I hope what doesnt smell me? Do I really stink that bad?-As you leave, Silke puts out the fire-What fire? there is clearly no fire anywhere to be seen, and I was told a minute ago the fireplace inside hasnt been used for months...
Terrible game, this feels like a prototype.There is no excuse for how bad this game is, even from an indie developer who has made games before.
At first it reminded me of The Impossible Game with 3D backgrounds, you auto-run to the right and jump gaps and rocks, fairly basic right? wrong.In the impossible game you just had to jump gaps and doge spikes, in this you will be jumping obstacles, sliding under UFO's, and kicking your way through crystals, all timed to some awesome sounding Bit-Tunes.Not a fan of Bif-Tunes? Niether am I, but it works so well with the gameplay it sounds a lot better than it normally would, and I am actually motivated to get to the end of each level because I want to hear the rest of the track.The only thing I wish I could improve in this game, is my own skill level.
This 3 minute game is well worth trying at least once!
