I AM AWARE THAT THIS IS A EARLY ACCESS GAME.I spawned near a city, I found a Mosin in a building. I then started looting ♥♥♥♥, found myself a checked shirt and some ammo for the mosin. I then went into the firestation near it, there were so many people...I found a Magnum, a vest, some hunting pants... then more food, then i went to the town near it, and i got myself a stick and a burlap sack. I crafted the Improvised Courier Bag.IT is probably the awesomest backpack i've seen.But then come the hackers. I was at the NWAF at the firestation.... and there were absolutely no shots, but legs broke, I died. No reason for it. No reason at all. The only silenced gun in the game, the Amphibia S can do ♥♥♥♥ing nothing, so that's out of the question... there wasn't any people in the NWAF, I already checked with my long range scope.... but man, I was kitted... I had so much food. Then come the awesome glitches. I was at the south barracks at the NWAF and I was fighting a zombie. My game crashed. Now I've heard problems in the 0.46 update that does this, it's never been a problem in earlier patches... but your character supposedly just stands there for a whole minute or 2 before actually logging off. I don't know if it's a glitch, but if it isn't, please.... remove it.It is horrible. I've lost like 10 hours of gameplay to it. So overall, I don't recommend this game until they fix that stupid bug/implemented anti combat logging thing. And fix the hackers, but this may be changed in future updates, so I will update it as time goes on.This is my personal review btw, if you think this game is friggin awesome right now, I don't care. As should you when you read my review. You just gotta know this is a personal review, so no arguing*As of the 0.47 update*The new zombies: You hit them, but it doesn't want to show it.the AK-101: It is a very nice model, very crispThe CZ: Very nice gun, it uses the SKS round, so it should be more useful for hunting, if you have mosin, keep it on back if you want to keep it.the PM73: I haven't seen it, but from youtube reviews and such it lookls cool and sounds cool.
After dying a lot, i finally got set up with a friend with a shotgun and a stable locked up house. It was very fun after that. We were right beside a pack of Mutant Bears and Wolves. We killed them everytime they respawned. We got all our stuff from my friends house (inside a rock, btw... glitches.....) Anyway, it was very fun, still haven't seen a zombie though.
Ok i jsut want to write something about the game i love and hate. The game is very demanding and you have to put a lot of time and effort into getting over average on it.What you want to do to do that is just stick with one sens ur comfortable with and just train and dm and learn spray controls and ♥♥♥♥ k bros.Also team game so learn those strats.
Not very fun... i just found it a confusing mess of clicking, and all that crap.4/10Not recommended.
Very good game. I kinda liked the way that you couldn't go out of the district, so you wouldn't get lost. Really like the runes system, but the difficulty was like CoD difficulty... ============== Annoyingly easy
