Buy stuff, burn it then get more coins then when you started.Rinse and repeat.But underneath all that setting things on fire, there is a very nice story. I think the ending will suprise you.Honestly, this game is amazing plus that song. ITS LITTLE INFERNO!
It's okay. If you want the board game without having to deal with rolling, money and properties. I would suggest buying this. Also it's cheaper than the actual board game.
Another day, another Sakura game.Well, I decided to get away from the beach and get to a... spirit? I got nothing in that department.Now, first things first. Porn. This game is the most sexual out of the 3 I've played so far. Fappers, go wild.Now onto the actual thing I care about, b̶o̶o̶b̶s̶  story. This game was.... okay-ish in the story department. I much preferred Sakura Beach 1 & 2's story than this one. Maybe because they were more realistic.That doesn't make this one bad, I still quite enjoyed myself.Now I'm going to leave my review there. I guess I'm the Sakura reviewer now. I'll do the rest (once I buy them), I guess.
Okay. Before you ask. I have finished the game. That doesn't mean it takes 5 minutes to complete, I just played it before it was released on Steam.This game is good. But as far as I can tell, there's only one ending. You may get different dialouge but after the three times I played it, I always got the same ending even with the different choices I make so if you find a different ending. Feel free to tell me.Most F2P games are not good. To find a good one is basically a miracle. This is one of those miracles.If you have a spare hour, I definitly reccomend giving this game a shot. It'll make you feel bad but believe me, all part of the game.Overall, Emily is Away was a nice little experience which will probably kick you in the nuts with nostalgia (if you're not 8 or younger) and give you a good time.
*sigh*This game was originally bought as a joke. I took it as another one of those porn games that you would find on Newgrounds.But as much as I hate to admit it. It was great.This game is not a porn game, it may include sexual content but beyond that theres basically none.This game plays out more like one of the books you would find in the -Best Teen Reads- section but it honestly is much more. The whole way through, I was wishing for certain things to happen. The ending was very heart touching and really made me feel about stuff in a different way.If you-'re planning to buy this as a -porn- game, don-'t expect that. Expect an amazing story.
boobs, worked gr8 with windorrs 9.171273 and i really liked the in depth story. 10/10
I recommend this to any fans of the portal series who like a bit of the mindf*ck. I found it a very fun but challenging game.Its hard. It runs surprisingly well at a steady 60fps (on my bad computer). Also good to mention, it may say controller controls but if you mess around with you're keyboard during a level you can find the controls.I find/found it a nice little game and it even has co-op which I have not tried.9/10
this game helped my son improve his math skills. i definitley reccomend this to all dikheds who have 7 bucks to waste and want to learn sh!t they dont learn in school.
this game was the following:funfunnymake yo rageinterestingamazing storyglitches. (if you could just fix them, that would be great)and who knew that  HAVE YOU EVEN PLAYED THE GAME YET?! so overall a 7/10, took a while doe.hmm ^^^^ that line you can view if havnt played cos it glitched. :|
