mediocre shooter. almost like a shooter that you would find in dave n busters or something. you shoot dodge shoot dodge and have a few abilities and thats it. i guess if your bored this is a good game but im in the middle on this one. 5 out of 10 not bad not good..
horrible game dont get it... the game looks cool and fun at first but once you actually play it youll hate it. the pilot controls are ♥♥♥♥ and you cant shoot at anything because all the jets move to fast and by the time you finnaly get a kill youll crash into some piece of metal flying around taking your kill back to a big fat zero... dont get this game unless you want to rage... i guess on the bright side the concept is cool having customizable planes with gatling guns and stuff but the makers of this game really needs to fix the flight and shooting in the game...
This game is so much fun. If you want to call it a board game its the best board game Ive played on a computer. Do not let it looks fool you. For several years ive been looking at this game but because it didnt look -exciting- or -too complicated- I resisted it. I finally gave it a shot and wish I got it sooner! Still yet to play with people but single player is still really fun. The game may look confusing but its quite simple and not too hard to pick up. A very very good strategy game indeed. You start as a early civilization and have several ways to win but in short become the best and most prosperous civilization in a certain area military, technolgically, religously etc. Its all a race to see who is better. But Beware! this game is such a time waster what may seem minutes into the game can be hours in real life! Last point to make is that the DLC is worth it! Itll extend the fun in this game for twice maybe 3 times as long! New ways to play and new civilizations to try out as long as your friend has the same DLC as well but you can always toggle them on/off when needed. If you love strategy board games that is a real time waster and even have other people that are willing to try this game GET IT! Dont let the looks of this game decieve you!
Finished the game and im glad i bought this game. I cant compare it to the other XCOM games but it was still alot of fun as well as interesting. At first it seems impossible to command and attack in the game but you do get used to it and once you do it gets really fun. If you like an arcade-like shootem up game with strategy like repositioning your team and using their abilities at the right time then this game is meant for you
Very funny always new things to do. just a game to do when your bored lol
I got this game for free because my friend told me this was free for 1 day i thought this game was going to be a failure and was one of the reasons why it was free but once i downloaded it and played god is it fun! its a normal stealth game with a grusome amazing sniper rifle, 50-75% of the time it shows the bullet leave the barrel and entering the target through the head skull heart etc. and blood and gore is just everywhere... The plot takes place in WW2 where you take jobs on killing russians and  germans sabotaging their plans. It is worth the buy!
This is really interesting i really like how valve made a movie i really hope valve will make more videos id watch them thats for sure. The movie itself is really interesting just the idea on how people view gaming and how some people love it and some hate it with their own individual story with an amazing competiton in the process you should watch it if you want to go in depth of gaming and professinal gmaers lives.
really great game. its a game where if you just want to be trigger happy and kill some really disgusting zombies :D
Amazing game! Truly a game for people who love stealth games. the game is hard and somewhat raging but the game is still awesome once you get the hang of it. A game youll be playing for hours being pulled into the dark plot. You have to get this game!
