So since the game is on going I-'ll talk about what I-'ve played so far. Overall I quite like the game, the plot is interesting and the world is believable. At some points you need to take things with a pinch of salt but being a game of fiction it has a bit of leeway when it comes to being weird. The first chapter is also very well done and had me hooked quite quickly. However as the game progresses it starts to suffer from the more negative aspects of the furry world, and it started to feel more and more like characters were overly unique or sexualized. It actually got to a point where I was playing a game of -Pick out the good guys by how they look.- because you could tell these formal and apparently normal people couldn-'t be good. Some plot points were also a very far reach that made little sense logic wise, but they usually weren-'t bad. Also I might have not seen it but there really should be a feature that allows you to save whenever rather than making you until the next chapter to get a save point. All up I-'d say I enjoyed the game, but its not something I-'d recommend to others. If you-'re a furry that likes the more general parts of the fandom and don-'t just want porn it should be a fun flick for you. Everyone else would probably be better off investing in a VN that more suits their interests.
I really enjoyed the plot and setting built by this game, and actually thought that it did a better job at story than the original Amnesia. It displayed a unique spin on madness, refreshing the usual plot of mass destruction found in such games. However the -big reveal- is quite obvious from pretty much the beginning and the mechanics of the game were a bit of a letdown. Where The Dark Descent added enough environmental interaction to make you unsure if what you were picking up was a part of the puzzle or just another box, A Machine For Pigs only allows for the movement of objects related to the puzzles, making it to be a tad predictable and linear. Otherwise I’d highly recommend playing if you want to sit back and enjoy the ride, especially if Steampunky science if your thing. 
