I recall trying out this game on-site before and the concept is good, it is cute and you get some funny moments. Also, mice. I may not like mice that much but I'm not the one to complain about mice too much.But from what I read in some reviews this game is going pretty much downhill as I type, and this is coming from a lurker who plays games once in a while and prefers to play as a guest. I have heard that the people in there are like a bunch of dead horse beaters (and by that I mean extremely rude and punishing-for-no-good-reason people, drama mongers, people who insult you for either being new or dying a lot etc). I've also read about how bugs take too long to fix (or never get fixed at all) and the staff are immensely lacking in public relations and moderation ethics.Unless something is actually done to deal with all these issues, I recommend avoiding this game altogether. If this situation continues I expect a shutdown in around a year or two.
Alright. Grabbed the demo of the game, liked it, and finally bought this one for the full experience.Undertale may have a fair share of flaws (in which I suck at explaining so I-'m not going to say anything about -'em to save my hide), but it is unique in its own right. Now, I might spoil you a little bit of backstory (or maybe a lot of backstory, but I-'ll try to keep it vague), but you play as the eighth (and last, depending on how you play the game) human who fell into the underground portion of a mountain (thus the game-'s namesake). You find out what-'s going on down there AND depending on your actions, you either save an entire civilization of monsters or doom them along with yourself.This game has a fresh take on role-playing game experience as it offers options other than outright killing anyone who stands in your way. You can choose to attack monsters in a battle OR spare them (Many monsters need to be interacted with before you can let them go, and sometimes this can be hard), or in-between. You will meet some important characters along the way, and whether they live through or die trying is up to you. Entirely. Undertale-'s system files REMEMBERS your actions throughout the game, and if you make the right choices, you will be lead to an ending that is satisfying (even if it-'s not for you, it certainly is for the characters). One wrong step though gives you a -Pandora-'s Box- effect. Remember the tale of Pandora and a box in her possession? This game basically applies the rules, -Virtue brings fortune- and -Many will die for the sins of one-.If you haven-'t played this game yet, this may definitely be worth a try for you. That is, if RPGs are your thing. I don-'t know about you, but I have played this game and it gave me a mind-blowing experience.So what are you waiting for? If this game is your cup of tea, grab it. It-'s worth every US Dollar or whatever your native country-'s currency is (In my case, it-'s Malaysian Ringgit).
I have been recommended to pick this game up by someone and man, is it a fun ride!Like silly things? Love platformer games? Then Battleblock Theater is for you! The main features of this game is to solve puzzles, collect in-game currency (Gems and Yarns) and release prisoners as well as purchasing weaponry for your character. You will start with a number of default player settings, but as you progress, you will have a LOT of things to pick from to enhance your experience while playing. (The narration style even made me laugh.)That's not all, you can also bring friends (or family) along to play, either from your own computer or on the Internet to co-operate OR battle against each other (Co-Op needs 2 players and competitive matches need 4). Artistically talented or want something else other than the faces the game already provided? Then custom heads are your thing! All you need is a digital art program of choice (Don't use MS Paint though, it doesn't have transparency feature), empty, transparent 128x128 image template and for you to draw a head from scratch or take one from other sources, then save and put it in your game data. (On Windows: Computer > [YOUR USERNAME](C)/: > Program Files (if you have a 64-bit system, STEAM usually is located in Program Files (x86) > Steam > SteamApps > common > BattleBlock Theater > GameData > UserFaces) You can also create your own levels and publish them in the Steam Workshop for other players to download and play.So what are you waiting for? Go grab this game and experience the fun!(The only drawback is that you may end up having rage-inducing moments with some puzzles. Other than that, feel free buy this game and play it if you have some spare time and money!)
