Elite is a decent game, and the flying is enjoyable.The game is seriously lacking in content, especially for a game in it-'s price range. The decision to consider this game as -finished- and release the Horizons expansion as a seperate purchase is outright insulting to be honest. I can-'t recommend a game that doesn-'t bother to offer much gameplay, then wants to charge you again for aspects which should be included.
I purchased RS2014 just wanting it to be a -game- like Rockband or Guitar Hero. I didn-'t have a real interest in learning to actually play the guitar (I-'ve tried numerous times in the past and given up), all I wanted from this was something I could casually play, but with a bit more challenge/reward than the -plastic guitar- games.It started off exactly how I was expecting - just playing a single note every now and then, but as you improve and play the notes its-' giving you well the game will adjust and add more into the mix. Before too long you-'ll be given chords, double-stops, legato techniques, and plenty of other new bits to play.The way the difficulty works is good, it won-'t give you something to play that-'s way over your head (too often), but keeps you improving at a good rate.In the few weeks I-'ve been playing, I-'ve progressed a lot further with my skills than I have in all my previous attemps to learn guitar without Rocksmith. I-'m interested in learning to play again, and this makes it a great way to do it.Pros:* Very cost-effective way to learn (if you already own a guitar).* Being able to have your skills quantified (Mastery percentage, song accuracy, scores etc) and improving is great motivation to see your progress and keep playing.* Makes practicing fun!Cons:* Music choice is decent, but could do with a lot more songs. New songs are released every week though.* There-'s no option to see the music to play in Tab format.Overall, I highly recommend it, it-'s a lot of fun and you learn something while you play.
A very good hunting game, I would happily recommend it to anyone interested is this genre.The -Free to Play- claim is a little missleading though, it-'s more of a demo version than really being able to experience the whole game. $50 will get you the -TrailRunner- pack, a 1 year subscription to hunt all the animals, free ammo, several good weapons, and plenty of great gear, with that you-'re pretty much set to hunt whatever you want.
