Not very Good, Not many choices, but characters are funny. and they did a good job with the guns. and how the hell do you kil the DRAGONS!!  So i give it a 4/10
Watch Dogs is an OVERALL good game, though it could be heaps better but couldn't any game. Well, when I started playing I couldn't play because it was so bloody bugged out which made me pretty much dislike the game until the point of me bleeding out my eyes. but as months passed I decided to have another crack at it, and you know what? BUGS, CRASHES. So I ended up getting a new PC and playing Watch Dogs it about 3 months after that. And It was pretty good. I did like the story, I enjoyed hacking into things going into the clubs. You know, you usual. The Only thing that really bothered me was that in cutscenes I couldn't hear the voices; only the music. But all well at least Ubisoft didn't forget to put in subtitles! My overall ratting would probably be 7.5/10Mainly the story and those TRAINS in multiplayer!!
The Elder Scrolls V Skyrim is my favourvite game in the whole world, out of Play station, Xbox and PC. even though it came out on the 11.11.11 (I got it at Christmas 2011) and is very close to being 3 years of age, the graphics are still as good as some of the games coming out in 2014.Before Skyrim my favourite game was the elder scrolls IV Oblivion and really the creators of the elder scrolls Series should start thinking about making an elder scrolls VI (not counting Elder Scrolls Online).Finally, i was watching Good Game the other night and they were doing a top 100 games of all time and i was praying to god that Skyrim would be atleast in the top 10. and it came first (Yay), and then I relized its not just me who love the game there's most probably Millions who love the Game!So i finish on the note that Bethesda should be making a Elder Scrolls 6 and that Millions of people will me Happy for it.Timefighter             My Email is Timefighterdovahkiin@gmail.com(i'm only 12)
it is the Weirdist game i have ever played in my intire life. i completed the game in just over an hour and bought everything in the storethe voices from the characters are funny but could be better, the scenes are funny but not that many. It is a Gore Shoot em up game with a touch of comedy.One of the major Problems i faced was i could take a screen shot through out the whole game, and only at the end itwould let me when it said -THE END-.But it was Funny and kept me occupied for an hour. if i would add or change anything it would be that more items in the store and more levels.So i-'m giving it a 4/10 (the only reason why i recommended it was because itwas funny)
Damn Good Game!!!!!!
