A Must-Buy game. Pumping Iron, clipping guards and taking your clothes off and running around the prison whilst guards are chasing you are only a few things that make up The Escapists.What makes this game so worth your 10 bucks? First of all, it's pixelated. If you're like me, pixelated games will make your heart melt like butter on pancakes. Secondly, it has that sandbox feel, but also a prison architect kind of security system, topped off with humourous remarks and a reason to do everything.It's extremely PC-space friendly as it only takes a mere 18mb to run. You can still enjoy the game whether its your first time playing, or if you had already completed the game more than 10 times. Let me recap : Whats good :-Extremely addictive.-Space friendly.-Indie.-PIXELATED!-Sandbox-y?-Challenging, as well as entertaining.-Humorous Interaction.-Different types of weapons/contraband.-Can get naked.-Only 9.99!What needs improvent:-Music, I turned it off after an hour or so.-Like to see this become co-op.-Characters get buggy occasionally.This game has lots of potential, and it's only in early acess! What are you waiting for? Buy it, damnit!
If you're here for the TF2 items, be ready to invest some hours into this game. Unlike it's younger brother, you cannot simply rush achievements, there's a new bounty system. The bounty system can be extremely unforgiving, especially to those who don't know the game very well. The cards that you are dealt can also make you want to uninstall the game, especially when you get dealt dead for 30+ hands. The bots don't know that they're doing, sometimes they flop a house and other times call with air. You cannot predict the bots, and be sure to only all in when you have something higher than two-pair, because this game can screw you up. A letdown in terms of poker, you can't even skip the dialogue; and after a while it just gets so annoying. Once I get all the promo items, I'll  be sure to uninstall this one.EDIT: Lost my first potential bounty item with a Queen 10 to 5 3. You'd think they turn the game in your favour...
buying gf 60 gp i have party hat
This game has something going for it,  mainly for Runescape friendly players. Personally, I've been looking for games similar to RS, and this has been the closest so far. However, the servers are extremely laggy for me. Everytime I enter an area, my game freezes for about 5-20 seconds, and frees itself up again. After about 5 more seconds, the whole screen crashes. The issue with the crashes is that Steam still senses me as In-Game, and I can still hear music. However, I cannot end the application with Task Manager, only able to close the game once and for all with a computer restart.Looking past the horrendous lag, I can see more people growing a love for the game, as it gives the freedom to shape and mould your character into whatever class you want. I would certainly play it once again if the server lag and crashes are fixed. 4/10
A whole new 2 dimensional world that allows you to do whatever you want. Highly reccomend this game, will be sending some copies to my friends.
