To call this game a game would be a misnomer, its essentially a tumblr blog with hyperlinks in which you are given a couple of different option all ending at the same points. However more insultingly then calling this a game is calling this depression quest: The person depicted in this game isn-'t depressed they are an emo kid who derives enjoyment out of pretending to be depressed so they have something to cry about on their tumblr page to the people they are pretending to be -deep- with.Let me make this clear, depression doesn-'t make you stupid, which this character clearly is. From my point of view this game was clearly made by someone TRYING to be insightful, but who had a less then terrible grasp on the source material. This project is to accurate portrayal of mental health issues what Victorian era wandering womb & hysteria diagnosis’s are to modern medicine: In no way related.Whatever this project is, one thing is for certain, it needs to not be on steam: Steam is a place for games, not emo masturbation fantasies conveyed in tumblr blogspot style wall of text, with annoying eye straining animation, repetitive image use & white noise static for music.Watching this game scramble for mediocrity and failing is just painful to watch: I-'m not depressed, but i-'m pretty sure i would be if this was the best thing i could create given how much support the author was given to succeed.
Okay so i really want to like this game, but it has one huge fatal flaw: It's fun value rapidly runs out once you realizse that literally everything but the Duck Billed Dinosaurs will kill you no doubt.... It's at this point that the game stops being a survival game, an starts to be an unpaid fulltime job. See the promise of a survival game is that the longer you play, the more survivable & fun it becomes as you master your terrain. Ark on the other hand, the more work you put in, the more work there is to put in. Once you've built your house of straw, it's on to your house of wood, once you've got your house of wood, it's on to the house of stone & it's like that with literally everything in the game: There is no pay off.An if you are the least bit effective early on in the game, the leveling system outstrips the actual content, in that it stops being a survival game & rapidly becomes an eating, drinking & pooping simulator, because thats what you spend your entire time doing, as you wait for your xp to bring you up to the next level.As for the PVE aspects of the game they leave a lot to be desired. Dinosaurs just mill around, instead of moving with any purpose, and there are just way to heavily packed together on a map that is way to small. God help you if you don't stick to the beach the entire time, because predatory dinosaurs are so common place off the beach that it often feels like you are being Zerged by small predatory dinosaurs, or worse yet the insects.Which brings me to my next issue: Movement tracking. I don't mind combat with the dinosaurs, or at least i wouldn't if i ever got in to combat with the dinosaurs, rather than shadow boxing the fart of existance that the program thinks are the dinosaurs locations, when actually the dinosaur is three feet, that a way.The game lacks for telegraphing so dinos attack, before lacky banding back to the location they were in, without passing through the space between. The worst offenders are the spitting dinosaurs & the raptors, but it's alsoa problem with any of the insects, and even the Bronto's who kill you by magic apparently, because you'll never see what they hit you with. I'm sure there is a playable game under there somewhere, but it's not nearly as deserving of praise as it's currently getting.
