This game is a very fun game. Although very untidy, it is a ton of fun and a barrel of laughs. There is a warning upon startup of the game that tells you that the game is a work in progress, so you can not really complain about all the bugs and problems it has. But regardless of it's errors (that will tick you off sometimes) it is still really really fun. Sometimes challenging, sometimes easy. It really depends on the server, the time you play, and where you spawn. The only thing that really grinds my gears. Is the community. Most people will just shoot you before they ask you your name. So unfortunately it's shoot first or die. Sometimes you get the good person that is willing to help you out (like myself). But most people are pretty merciless. Also some Bambi's (Fresh spawns) will pose to be of good heart. But the minute you put a weapon in their hands you better be ready to quickly draw your weapon. So that is the only big big problem that might not able to be fixed. But I definitely do recommend this game.
This game is fun as all hell. Animations are fancy and the soundtrack is brilliant. Only kind of music to bump off zeds to. Blood all over the place, body parts flying. Doesn't that sound fun? Do I need to say more? A game called killing floor needs no narrative, it doesn't need much of a story line. It already has what it needs. Where did these zeds come from and why am I hunting them?Well it does need a bit more content, but it is early access so I expected about as much content as it has. So if you're not patient, then I don't recommend you buy it. But at the price it is now, I do recommend you buy it. $30 for an eventual $60 - $80 game. Definitely worth it. I love it so much that I'll also be buying it on PS4 when it comes out. For two reasons; great game and I have a lot of friends who only play console and don't have PC'sI can't really explain the gameplay to someone. All I can say is the gunplay is amazing and like I mentioned before the animations are terrific. Reload animations, pointless ammo checking animations, sword swinging animations, cleaning the blood off of a weapon, it's all beautiful ♥♥♥♥. Personally for me sometimes in a game it's attention to small details that make a game good. But that's my opinion.Overall this game is good for someone who likes to blow stuff up, shoot stuff down, cut stuff around and just generally tear ♥♥♥♥ up. Not so much for someone who is looking for a movie-like story.
