This is a mixed bag. It's fun with friends, but it's not a lasting gimmick. At full price (what I paid), it just isn't worth it. If it's discounted and you want a quick laugh, go ahead. Physics are funny for a bit, but it becomes repetitive and stale rather fast. But to make up for it, there are large content updates every now and again.tl;dr, only worth it for a cheap price
Pros:•Costs less than $4 during a sale.•Reminiscent of LOZ: Wind Waker, even to the point of breaking vases for loot + Link-'s hat + related items!•Looks pretty on its own, but throw in enough rainbow lens flares and it looks beautiful!•Simple and relaxing.•Tons of dialogue... and I mean TONS.Cons:•Camera control with the mouse is weird and hard to use (probably fine with a controller). You-'ll adjust to it though.•Not much combat... if you can call it that.----One of the better 3D -platformer- titles available on Steam. It-'s absurd to think this started out as an iPhone game!
I'm not much of a fan of the long gameplay which involves walking through caves, but it's real purdy when you add mods.
If you're trying to decide between this or the second, especially for the loot, go with this one.It has better unlocks and the CPU cheat less.Now onto the game itself:This is the best experience you'll probably have playing Poker. Even if you're like me and don't know anything about Poker except the absolute basics.
I barely know how to play Poker and it's still a blast to play.Full of witty banter and video game references, what's not to love?
I am now qualified to perform Heart Surgery. Thanks, Surgeon Sim 2013! Now, where did I put that hammer...(I am in no way qualified to go near operating tools, or even operating tool simulators)OH GOSH THE HEART IS SQUIRMING OUT ON ITS OWN
A truly amazing game, both in terms of gameplay and graphics. A modern take on the classic Rayman gameplay, and still as funny as ever. You can choose from a wide variety of characters (only 4 when first starting) and play through platforming levels, from classic Rayman lum collecting-helicopter hair flying sidescrolling to other twists, such as controlling a mosquito that can suck in enemies and shoot them back out as you attempt to reach the end of the level, all to save those sexy fairy-nymph things. This is definitely one of the best platformers and also one of the best local multiplayer games Steam has to offer, and I highly recommend it. 9.5/10
