Has simple gameplay and an emotionally compelling story. Would make a grown 6-5 black male adult cry.
Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi DendiDendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi DendiDendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi DendiDendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi DendiDendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi DendiDendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi DendiDendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi Dendi
White people shouldn't play the game. Only asians with skill can play.
The new Counter Strike delivers the same feel as source whilst also giving you new ways to experience the FPS.
10/10 IGN. The way the stories converge with eachother is something spectacular.
At first I thought this game was your standard rpg turn based game but then all of a sudden I could fly with wings and ♥♥♥♥. You can grief your enemies by using your ball of light which is pretty cool among other things that can unlock later throughout the game. The storyline starts with the child dunno her name its liek Aurora who gets sent to the shadow realm or something and is separated from her father. She-'s full sad and stuff and tries to make her way back in this new world using her newly acquired powers from pedophiles and witches. However, get ready for some feels. Would make a 6-1 male Russian activist shed a tear while he missiles down an Aeroplane with vodka in hand.
The universe that the world immerses you in will allow you to wonder about the mystery of the plot behind this game. It-'s very good at what it does and that is tell a brilliant story set in an amazing universe. Would make a grown 5-0 asian male with sashimi and california rolls in hand shed a tear of brilliance.
Tis game always makes me wun cry so badly. Always tough decisions and lots of narrative that will change the direction Clem takes. I feel like this season is going to lead up to a lot more and will be more flexible than the first season cos we-'re already invested into these characters. Would make a grown hispanic 5-8 male with a burrito in hand shed a tear.
