Because it's GoT, I'm treating this entire review as a spoiler.I got the entirety of the series in the Humble Telltale Bundle, I'm writing this as I've just finished the game.The game is basically a drama packed, limited, choose your own adventure. After playing on another computer all the way through to episode 5, I had to travel. I downloaded it to my laptop and realised I hadn't signed up for the whole 'telltale account' thing and my save wasn't available.Instead of playing episode 5 with automatically generated decisions (not that they matter a whole lot anyway) I seized the opportunity and played episodes 1-4 with complete opposite decisions as I'd made before. Surprise surprise, not ♥♥♥♥ing much changed at all. It seems, after researching the other endings, you can't really alter the storyline significantly in any way. I mean, if you're looking for a slightly interactive, drawn out version of the Stark storyline of GoT that you'll only want to play once, by all means give this game a try. I paid $12 for a heap of their games and definitely got my playtime out of it, but as a GoT storyline goes it's pretty much a regurgitation of what's already happened in the TV Show / Books, with the same voices but different faces.All in all, I regret spending so much time playing this game that I could have spent playing others.. it's like a bad movie you watch because you need to see if it gets better and ultimately, as predicted, you're completely disappointed.4/10.
So far I'm around Day 90 in my first playthrough, so this review is based on those first days.The game tells it's story fantastically with a minimalistic, comic book style slideshow. The style of minimalistic art in each cell isn't really for me and nor is the flickering on the edges during said cell's displays, but the story really carries it and I'm sure most people would love it regardless.It's UI (user interface) is a breath of fresh air and a dream to use; clicks are subliminally satisfying, windows open crisply and unlike many management sims you're not bombarded with a thousand information windows and icons to click. The game can be quite slow, but it's made up for by the intricate storyline and the weight of your decisions. It's taken me quite some time to reach 90 days (Time played is irrelevant as I fell asleep late last night, playing it on my laptop in bed) and I'd say it's still got a fair few hours left. This is not a game that you'll finish in a 2 hour session by any means.I'd say it's definitely worth the price, but if you're not a management sim fan definitely get this on sale if only for the story.8/10
Day of Defeat 3, can-'t wait for the optimized release.I have marked -Not Recommended- due to the problems that I have experienced. These may or may not happen to you.Very poorly optimized, struggling to push a solid framerate fps in a Source engine game. I know this is early access, just putting the word out, I-'ve been experiencing some seriously wack fluctuations from 20-300 fps but usually sitting between 50-130.If you can-'t play FPS-'s below 144 fps then don-'t buy this right now, you-'ll be disappointed.Barely playable for me in it-'s current state, I will update this review if the game is improved.980ti OC-'ed/i7-5820k.Early Access review: 2/10, Do not buy yet.Edit: I have scoured the internet and found that these performance issues do not affect everyone, many people are having similar problems to mine being with 1080-'s, 980ti-'s, 980-'s and 970-'s, it seems to definitely be an optimization bug and is definitely client side.Further Edit: here is a shot in game looking over a relatively small portion of a map.http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/266095900571329044/2EA75988868CE7B0153485F2FBDC02486A29E4BC/ And here is my 3DMark firestrike score.http://www.3dmark.com/3dm/13873570
Game is great if you're in to the PVP side of all these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t survivalist games out there.Drop in, gear up in under 5 minutes and kill as many people as you can. Australian servers are severely lacking in players on 2 + 5 stack servers, so if you've got a friend to play with be prepared to lag it out on the US servers.CTRL + M, press it when you get in to lobby, for some reason people get a kick out of spamming the ♥♥♥♥ out of voice chat and using police car sirens to ♥♥♥♥ everybody off. CTRL + M mutes everything, press it again when you deploy.Items and skins in this game are ♥♥♥♥ing pointless, there is no spectator mode which would drastically increase my opinion of this game. For example, if you join a 5 player server and you die, thats it. You don't get to spectate the rest of the game through your teammate's eyes, it just shows a camera viewing your dead body.. basic as ♥♥♥♥.I'll give it a 4/10, but that's because it seems to be everything I wanted from DayZ without all the zombie survivalist ♥♥♥♥♥♥ry. If you like that ♥♥♥♥ then shove a tamagotchi up your ♥♥♥♥.
I bought this game after a friend I've played many hours of Arma 2 + 3 and DayZ started playing it.If you don't like minecraft, you won't like this game. It's just another block sandbox crafter/builder and I can't see what any of the fuss is about.
Nothing compared to TFC. This game consists of (a) children, (b) adults who are most likely in to children or (c) people trying it out because they were either told it was fun, or because they liked TFC.It's nothing but a waste of your time.. don't bother.
I've played under 20 hours but this game is incredibly fun. Co-op is where it's at. We've recently got one of the Four player mods up and running and I was quite surprised at the way it handles. Definitely pick this game up if you're into the Baldur's gate series.
