Yeah nah. your fear reaches over 100 when it shouldn't, the game contradicts itself, and when you lower your fear, you die.Why.
Extremely far from being properly playable.requires a very significant amount of polish on the first chapter alone, as well as actually finishing the three available chapters to a properly playable standard.
Amazing all-round spooky and horrifying atmosphere surrounding the entire game and game feels. All core elements were used to their full potential.I didn't find zooming on my camera to be all that useful, but it's a fun little feature nevertheless.From beginning to end, the game gives you this great, eerie feel about it. You know from the start that you're in for a roller coaster adventure, but you won't know what way it's going to go until it's too late to turn back.Even after playing this game through once, I was still scared to play through a second time. And on that, both times I was too afraid to play it solely by myself.Fantastic game, worth the purchase, however, the ending was pure ♥♥♥. Seriously. Just ♥♥♥.
Fantastic game by absolutely all means, and if not the best game in the entire Devil May Cry franchise.However, considering this is not on it's original platform, the controls can come off as a bit convoluted. It would be nice if the game were ported and configured to be a bit more PC friendly like the franchise's newest addition.But this aside, DMC3 is definitely my all-time favourite game in the series.The controls are solid, the game feel is fluid, and it's just dang fun to play! I couldn't think of a different game from the series I would recommend one plays first than this.And with that, you'd have to play this first. It's only the prequel to events leading up to the rest of the games.Granted DmC Devil May Cry takes the title of complete prequel, Devil May Cry 3 is just the best game in the whole series.
greed mode is ♥♥♥♥ing hard.
is gum gem
S'good game, though not really experienced best when played via keyboard controls.Controller preferable.
s'good game
For what I want it for, it's a fantastic program.Got it cheap too.Winning.
10 minutes of slow nothingness happening before finding a singular threat which I could just walk past.Another 10 minutes of slow nothingness and I gave up.
