Serena, for me, was less of a game and more of an experience. The build up to finding out what happened to Serena felt perfectly paced, through all of the twists that were unfolded by the player. This truly add to the emersion of the game and I feel like it couldn't be better. Even after you find out what happened, it's paced rather well.However, while the build up to the ending was impecable, the ending, to me, felt rather rushed and just felt kind of sloppy in general. The ending has no real explanation behind it as two semingly, new characters are introduced and have very little impact on the story other than to tie up the game and force it to end.While I, personally, didn't like the ending; I'd definitely recomment it to anyone. This game is a work of art and should not be overlooked.
Avatar is just one of those franchises where, if you make a game, the combat has to be perfect. And that's what Platinum have done. Every motion feels so natural and feels how it should. Earthbending is slow and powerful, firebending is quick and extravagant, water bending is, more or less, calm but deadly and air bending is just plain amazing. And, while the story was slightly lack-luster, the game MORE than makes up for it in its gameplay.And, with each element having it's own set of combos and being able to switch between each element at will, your abilities in battle become amazing, stringing on combos that can, potentially, last minutes. This game is the perfect way to have Avatar fans know exactly what it's like to be the avatar, and to control every element how they want.As a side note, I hope you like temple run ...
Do you like Dungeons and Dragons?Do you like playing online with friends and random strangers?Are you okay with your friends not actually playing and getting stuck with random strangers for manditory party missions?If you said yes to all of the above, then this is the game for you!This game, being part of the D&D franchise stays true to the universe and respectful to the source material.
Played a genocide run first so I didn't get too attached to the characters or emotionally invested in the story.It didn't work
Holy Canoli!I bought this game several months ago, and haven't been able to go a day without playing it for at least 2 hours ...It's so easy to lose yourself in amazing platformer. After the first couple of generations I thought it'd get boring, but the rogue like aspects of the game kept me coming back to see if I could play through a situation differently.Everything about this game is so perfectly executed, from gameplay to narative. And that final kill screen made me almost cry a little ...Needless to say, if you're un sure about whether this game is worth the buy, I can tell you now, it's one of the best purchases I've ever made on Steam. With all the skill trees available to you as the game progresses, you'll find yourself spending more time thinking about the next run than the current one.10/10 This game is perfect for me, and I love it!
