What an amazing platformer! Great game MiniBoss!
Microsoft Flight Simulator X: Steam Edition is the answer to all of the problems Microsoft Flight Simulator X had. It fixed the random crashes and whilst it is still slow while loading (with addons), it is a great improvement on FSX Boxed Edition.
TF2 or Team Fortress 2 is an excellent free shoot 'em up game by valve. The game has loads of cool features and abilities which is what makes the game so good.
head in blender...
This game is so bad i refuse to write this review in detail
Counter Strike Global Offensive is a fantastic game with multiple game modes for your enjoyment. CS:GO has offline with bots and multiplayer and all of the modes are accessable on both Multiplayer and Singleplayer. The Modes are Competitive, Deathmatch, Casual, Arms Race and Demolition. Over all the game is fantastic and you should really buy it!
The game is smooth with out a dedicated graphics processor and all of the controls are easy. There are pop ups that tell you what to do and how to play along the way that are on planks or cans. The inteface is easy to handle and you can change settings easily. The crib has all of your needs like inventory and store. The gameplay is pretty good and isnt too hard.
Defeated GermanyGood Game
Sniper Elite V2 is a very good game based on world war two. The game has you play as an American sniper taking out the nazis.The game is very sophisticated and works well with functions. When you get a good kill or critical shot you score more points to get a higher score. The game is quite cheap at $29:99 USD on steam. (Note: Sniper Elite 3 is coming out soon at an RRP on steam as $49:99 USD
Garrys mod is a fun game with many gamemodes pre installed with the game. Its price could definetly be higher and people would still get the game. There are many addons you can get with steam workshop and you can create your own little empires. You can fly in planes, Drive cars and other things, There is guns and a lot more than just that. There are many online multiplayer servers which have the gamemodes and can have plugins and mods installed alswell which can slow people down joining. This game is very multiplayer based so get your friends to buy the game as well.The game is very good and for the hours ive played i will still continue to play this epic game.
