I personally think War Thunder is a great game. But unfortunately it has it's downsides. I think i'll start with positive stuff, which is lot's.- The Graphics are amazing, but require a very good computer to actually get them.- Many of the sounds in the game are beautifully made and recorded, some of the best sound in any plane/tank simulator game.- Driving mechanics can be quite clunky, but are amazing when you get used to them.- Tank battles (arcade) can be pretty fun, especially lower tiers. Once you get higher though, it starts.....the bias.....the grinding......the broken game mechanics :(- Planes are great, but same as tanks, fun at low tier, not as much at higher tiers.Okay, now.....it's time for the brutal stuff._ *One day, Birdman Kreb's was driving his T-34 1942* While i was driving, i spotted a few enemy tanks and quickly dispatched them (surprisingly). I continued driving and ran into a Panzer IV, i also dispatched that (again surprising). Then i made the mistake and drove out of cover, and ran into a M4 Sherman. Now this is where the bull#### began. He fired on me and killed my entire crew 0_0. Now i would have been fine, if i didn't watch the replay. What i saw was, the bullet hitting my side armour (fired from the front) and hit the surface at an angle that would have made my armour more than 200mm (yes i tested this) and this somehow, bounced into my tank and killed everyone.(And if i ever get a pic of this, i'll put it up.)And yes i know about Russian bias and yes i hate it. Being in a kv-1 and taking 20+ hits from M4 Jumbo's and Stug's and a Pz IV, just seemed a bit crazy.Overall though, good game. Worth downloading (if you ahve a good computer).Just watch out for Russian Tanks, always aim for the turrets.Okay so i just out of a game, and i had my usual, T-50, T-34, Zis-30 and Kv-1. Only to be destroyed by an Su-122, that thing has a battle rating 1.3 higher than any of those tanks and is a tier higher, what is this matchmaking. >:(
I don't even know where to start with this.......All i can say is, i didn't know what to expect from this game.So let me start with all the good stuff:D-So we have some kinda smarter AI, even at times when they aren't smart its amusing to see them flail and fall on it's face.-The campaigns are pretty damn cool, this has to be one of the first TW games i've actually enjoyed playing camp.-THE GRAPHICS, HOLY HELL. Now my computers pretty terrible, so i'm surprised i can even get it to high graphics.-The voice acting, well what do i say other than, SHAMEFRU DISPRAY!-So glad to see AI soldiers actually attempting to fire over hills and such. Although i do miss the moments where your soldiers fire into the dirt.-Pretty cool multiplayer system, althought matchmaking 0_o. Pls, i don't want to be put against lvl 1 shogunates-Naval battles are pretty unique, especially fall of the samurai. Love the first person.-ALSO WHALES, THEY HAVE WHALES 0_0 OMERGOHD WHALES!Bad stuff :(-To be honest, the cutscenes could be better. But i enjoyed laughing at the rigid clothing of the emperor as he waved his arm around and the constant shocked look of some of the characters.Overall its a pretty damn amazing game, didn't think it could beat Napoleon (until i found the guns then i started blasting samurai all over Japan) Oh did i mention that there's actual WHALES. It's good to see some fish in the ocean, oh wait sorry, i mean mammals in the water. 10/10 would whale again
