*Survives first night**Bonny jump scares me* *I scream -♥♥♥♥- while hitting -Esc-* *Cry-'s**Plays again*10/10
Wasted Thousands of hours playing this and Thousands of dollars on hats! 10/10
This game is... Strange...(I'm not the best reviewer, so bear with me here.)Let me rephrase, it's a good strange. In my opinion, the first 1-4 episodes were absolutely brilliant, nothing short of a masterpiece. At the very last episode, similar to The Walking Dead (Season 1), you are picked to chose between two endings. However, both of these endings have outcomes that are virtually the exact opposite of each other. Everyone else has explained episodes 1-4 in detail very well, however, Ill shine some light on 5. If you have ever had to say goodbye to an amazing friend. Or maybe even have one perish, this game will speak to you. Every person who has done that, or experienced that, will connect to the main character with flying colours. And depending how sensitive you are, or if you are recalling a best friend's funeral, you will shead some tears with the main character at the end.If not, don't get me wrong, you will still love this game. All of the ♥♥♥♥ed up ♥♥♥♥ that happens, all of the characters with distinct personalities, it loops around into one final goodbye. One last breath.Alright I lied I will talk about the rest of the game.. This is a game that talks about life... Alright sure, it has time travel in it, but, the game gives you an exact representation of real life. Every thing she goes through, (FINE.. fine.. Not the damn dark room) you will too. Theft, debt, phases, love, a test of friendship, parenthood, life lessons, death... No rather, a dying's wish. One can look at this game, and learn. Learn things some people have gone through hell and back to find. Please play this game..
This game is... Good. Well, that's an understatement. It's very good. A survival type game where you do all you can to stay alive. Not just from the dinosaurs, but from the other people with killer intentions. The only game that comes close to this is Rust. Pros:1. Dinosaur Haven! Have you ever wanted to tame a dinosaur as a pet? Or even ride it? This game has those mechanics, and its amazing. 2. Unrealism. Now, don't take that the wrong way. No one wants a game that's two realistic. And if they do, or claim to, they're either ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tting or they're stupid. This game has, starting off atleast, a minecraft field to it. Punch trees, and build tools... Ang guns.3. Absolutely amazing with friends. This game is one of the best games to play co-op with. It doesn't matter who its with. Maybe its someone you met on the server, or a 10 year friendship with your bff. This game will get you hooked!4. Amazing Scenery. Even in alpha, this game looks just as good, if not better, than Witcher 3. Nuff said.5. HUGE WORLD! This world is absolutely stunning, looks and size (Thats what she said).Cons.1. Difficult for beginners. This game, atleast for me, has one of the hardest learning curves I've experienced. From the multiple blood thirsty players to the dilo's that spawn on your face every few seconds (Not literally. They're just EVERYWHERE) beginners will not survive very long without some direction.2. Easy to get out of without friends. This game is a game meant for coop, and without it, this game is quite hard to keep interest. 3. Mac players will DIE. Now I don't have a mac, but my friends that do cannot play this game, or so they claim. Conclusion: If you have the computer to play, and the friends to play with, this game is a must own. Even though the game is in alpha, it feels like its development stages are way past some of the games being released today.
To those who are reading this review, there are a few things you must note. One thing is that I almost always play with other people while playing any version of the Borderlands series, and Borderlands 2 is one of my favourate games of all time, so I will compare it to Borderlands 2 in a lot of ways.Borderlands Pre-Sequal, which will now be refered to BPS for efforts sake, has a lot of potential to be something better than what it is now. For a brief summary of the game, its basically a DLC for Borderlands 2, and probably would have been better if it was. The good things about BPS is that the new characters are amazing. I won't deny that. I absolutely love the idea of playing as claptrap, or using aimbot to destroy everything in your way as Nisha. However, the game seems watered down. I played through the game with minimal grinding, and only using guns I find off the floor from random loot drops. I, personally, played the game as both Athena and Nisha, and both didn't take much effort to get through the game. Playing with friends in BPS isn't as good as it was. In Borderlands 2, I was always at the edge of my seat trying to snipe the goliath's, or sneaking up on other enemies. But this game seems more like a casual game. With another player, there is little to no challenge at all, and feels like you have to, literally, drag youself through the game. With Nisha and Athena playing together, you can get through the game in a few hours.Overall, if you need something to play, or if you're really bored, consider buying this game. However, its way to much for what you get from the game.
