I'd be p*ssed off if i payed loads of money for this game too, all that aside, it's actually a really fun game!
Lives up to the hype!Doom is back!
Fantastic survival horror game! Although in alpha it's always getting consistantly updated. I rate!
Hard to find a game that gets me hooked these days!As good as it is there are plenty of cons. Lets start with defending or attacking a town, when spawned, you arn't in a small town, you're in an open field map which just takes away the excitement of attacking or defending that town, only when your in a city you'll get your own map and siege battles can happen. The worst of it when defending is even if you have a general setup guarding that town and you get attacked you dont always spawn with your garrison units! they'll just be reinforcements! and at times they even spawn behind the enemy which can completely ruin any strategy, where's the logic in that? i've put 120 hours in this game and played on legendary difficutly and not once when an enemy has my city sieged have they ever attacked, they simply just wait for the attrition to kick in after numerous turns or wait for me to starve, thats pathetic. Chaos Warriors & Blood Pack, Big nono, this is content that should have already been included in the vanilla game! Don't get turned off by comments above, hopfully these problems will be addressed in further patches. Overall it's a good game, and I dont have time to list the pros!
I love it!
I dont need to review the game because you can see that in the other comments, one thing i will mention, because people always jump to conclusions is how awesome the developers such as Joel Huenik are. Yes this game has been in development for years and is still in alpha, but it's not a cash grab! Visit youtube and search Joel Huenik's chanel, every single week for the past 2 months he has posted videos about the progress and upcoming features of the game while also answering forum questions with a Q&A video. While people complain about it being poorly optimised i have not yet had any problems with it however, A15 is focusing on optimisation while adding loads of new content, the console release was a bit buggy, but the devs have already fixed the bugs but cannot patch it because they are waiting for playstation to give them the all clear, all this is explained by Joel himself.The game is fantastic, and i look forward to every video and every new patch / Alpha that comes out, so if you're into survival games, this is one done right!Check out Joels videos for yourself!https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFrUPm0uNQgiPRos3TYOpEA
