10/10, best game of 2011. Even after 2 years I still can find things I have never seen. If you have never play Skyrim or any Elder Scrolls game you must!
Funny little tycoon game. Worth picking up during a sale. Not worth full price however.During the sandbox mode (which is the only enjoyable mode), you have to run the hosipital. Making sure you have all the diagnostic equipment required for whatever ailments people might have during each day.6/10 as a tycoon game.Over all 5/10.
Didn't like it!
Don't waste your money.
The best Telltale game I have ever played.Tales for the Borderlands is a Telltale / 2k masterpiece. You have the art style and story of Borderlands with the Telltale play style. If you-'re a fan of the lore and environment of Borderlands you-'ll eat this game up like a phyco eating a face pizza. The game has that classic borderlands art style which will immerse you straight into pandora.The game play is mostly point and click, however there are a few times you-'ll be left on the edge of you seat with the heart racing finger gun fights. Over all the games story is often linked into the first two borderlands. However with the two main characters stories pulling you in. You-'ll be left asking -what happens next- after ever episode. OVER ALL 10/10 story keeping it classic to Borderlands10/10 art and graphics8/10 for game immersionAll up I give it a 10/10 worth every cent and second I spent playing this breath taking game.
Not a very fun game.
A funny little game with an eye opening storyline. The game highlights the struggle at the border of Arstotzka, you a simple border officer trying to suport his family will face some hard choices which will have dire outcomes.Well worth the few dollars spent on this little game.8/10 for being a 'time waster'9/10 for real world problemsOVER ALL 8/10
Go! Go! Nippon! ~ My First Trip to Japan~ is one of those games that once you start you can't stop play. The game has a heart-warming story, that simultaneously with the Japanese art style leaves you immersed for a good few hours.  Over all I give it an 7.5/10, well worth the few dollars you can get it for during a sale.
Good game, would be better with an Asian server. Alot of lag on EU or NA server (in Australia).
Great game! Lots of fun. Never can stop playing after starting a new game! Must get!
