Just a simple, relaxing platformer involving jumping between platforms, finding collectable cubes and pushing buttons. Good Soundtrack, decent aesthetic and contains about 30 mins of gameplay which is okay because of the asking price.
The Batman Arkham series has been critically aclaimed for it-'s fast paced action, fluid combat and above all because -you-'re Batman-. Batman Arkham Origins is a prequel to the series and although it is not as revolutionary as the other two games I would say it is still a great addition to the series. This game features Batman meeting some of the Gotham super-villains for the first time such as The Joker, Bane, Deadshot and Black Mask. The graphics in this game are a step up from Arkham City and Batman has a new batsuit that looks more armoured. The combat remains the same with a few new gadgets such as the concussion detonator. The story is great, it starts with Black Mask putting a bounty of 50 million dollars on the death of Batman. Eight assassins take up the offer Bane, Deadshot, Firefly, Deathstroke, Shiva, copperhead, Electrocutioner and Killer Croc. I will not tell you more about the story for spoiler reasons but I can reveal that there is a massive twist. There are many bossfights and I must say they were all very good and polished compared to the Arkham City ones that were stun, beatdown,stun beatdown,stun beatdown, knockout. The one I enjoyed most was the copperhead bossfight when she drugged you and she made you see lots of her and you have to beat all the clones to harm the actual copperhead. This was reminiscent of the arkham asylum scarecrow fear gas hallucinations. There was a few bugs and glithches the first time I played through, one made me not able to complete the game, but these have been generally fixed with patches so it should be fine play right now. The multiplayer is a new addition to the series , which I did not have very high hopes for but it surprised me and I found I loved it. There are 3 teams 2v3v3 You are either Batman or Robin on one side and the other 2 teams are Joker-'s goons or Bane-'s goons. As batman or Robin you fly around, sorry glide around taking out thugs stealthily because only a few bullets can kill you, while you do this a meter is filling up for every takedown and if this meter is full then Btman and Robin win however this is very hard to do although it is fun silent takedowning (is that a word?) real people for once, not that I-'d do it in real life(I-'ve triedmit didn-'t work but I got a sharp slap from one of my brothers).The Gang-'s job is to capture posts and kill off the other team-'s reinforcement counter. If one of the gang-'s are killed off then the other gang wins.Once per game one person in the gang-'s will have a chance to play as Bane or The Joker which is also an enjoyable experience. Overall Batman Arkham Origins is very good. The game felt new at the beginning but then it just felt like a bigger Arkham city until you meet The Joker then it feels like a unique game again. WB Montreal has done enough taking over Rocksteady for this game to make it an enjoyable experience but some of the game just felt like the same S**t put into a new title but thankfully there was enough variation to make this game feel like it-'s own game although it is not revolutionary. If you liked the last 2 games you will love this game because it is more of what you love and then some. I give this game 7.4 out of 10. Thanks for reading and remember -your batman-.
this game is sooooooooooooooooooooooo fun. not only is there a lot of action but there are a lot of puzzles in the game to break up the action. the only problem with this game is the mediocre multiplayer. it is open world and there are heaps of things to do.If I had to give this game a rating 8.5/10 for the singleplayer and 5/10 for the multiplayer. for only 30.00 on wow hd it is a great buy as well.
