Best ♥♥♥♥ ever. GOTY must buy!
First stage: Bought the game and had no idea how to playSecond Stage: Still learning itThird Stage: THIS IS AWESOME!Four Stage: ZOMG!ZOMG!ZOMG!ZOMG!Later......100000000000000 Stage: argh! Need to learn it again
Early Access? Lack with updates? Oh well, don't believe with this, because I went to try on this game after I played Afterfall: Insanity which the game was ok. Now...This was like version of Metro series and Fallout series, but I can see big difference than other games.  The game is kinda ok to me as well after I made it through prologue and I died three times after I used the difficulty normal and decide to change it into easy. By the way the title may misled with other episodes because I searched with Afterfall Reconquest's espisode but it was not in the store. And I would give the verdict about...8/10 and the game needs to improve.
Please call me.....Mayo the Mayor!
Wow.....This game was text-based on every Visual Novels. If I remember it correctly, then the Visual Novel was originally Analogue A Hate Story was realead about two years ago. Compare with Analogue series, Heroes Rise Series doesn-'t have background, theme or whatever! But this was base on what you choice is to make you as hero or villian. What I chose is...hero. Oh what terrible joke I have, -Would you die as hero or live yourself as villian?-The writing is very good and properly satistification that I had. In case you-'ll might need music or visual background, then how about I would give you a recommendation for you? Analogue series? It-'s time to find this out!
This game looks good and I was lucky to get this game, because it was made by same dev whom they made their game is called, Amnesia the Dark Descent. (Not Machine for Pigs, I hate Machine for Pigs.) What? I was hoping there should be rainbow with pony horse, instead they gave us some good horror. Still....I want to see some damn rainbow with horse! I suppose there should be pros and cons and....oh well, just for rainbow with horse. Pro:Good starterHaving main character to speak since last Amnesia the Dark DescentPretty good atmosphereGot toilet paper and defibrillatorCons:I screamed like a girl after I heard a loud as I noticed the robot was gone. No sanity, like original AmnesiaStill....no rainbow with horse (WTF DID I WRITE THIS REVIEW?!?)And here is my verdict.....is about rain- STOP! ok....My verdict is......oh well, I would've gone back to Outlast and Amnesia and they would comfort my fear after I recieved my worst experience from Outlast and Amnesia.
 This game is sound like myth... But it's great and RPG is almost like diablo the third, to be honest, I never play diablo!
This game is kinda weird than fetish game. It was like...version of Ranma 1/2, but it's not. This game is really kinda weird game that I ever seen than people hate it. I started with Derek's/Dina's route during offline.At the end of route and I got furry, but I kicked my knee on the table hard. (Darn. My knee is hurtful.)Should I give honest review? ...Well thenGood:Extremly WeirdLesbian (girls to girls....something else.)TransformationHumorBad:Sloppy textLack of arts (I'm ok with this)Is there anything else should I say? Originally, it was stored on Desura and I haven't bought it until I noticed there was a greenlight which I already did vote it. But it pass through Steam and it cost 25 dollers. It's quite overprice that I ever seen than other games. The game is not finish until they'll put new characters or new routes until final products.
ABOUT TIME! The microtransaction is now been removed. Finally.....I can finally rest for this.......No more drills and nothing.... Finally...I can rest. *start sleeping* Huh? I feel like forgetting something very important.
