Do you like hurting people?
Bad Rats: The Rats' Revenge is an amazing game featuring rats that have been infested with the Black Plague murdering innocent housecats.Pros:It existsCons:Quick to uninstall10/10 game, would play more.
I remember playing this game a while back, and thoroughly enjoying it (i never got the full version, however). So when I saw KAG on steam, I was like -oh boy a game that i liked better go buy it-. When it downloaded, I opened it and already ran into a bug; the game-'s window was bugged. I went to the options panel on the menu, but nothing. Nothing about fullscreen or the resolution, just controls and other nonsense. It took me 5 minutes to find on google that you had to change it BEFORE pressing play on the little window that pops up. Why not just put it in the settings? Is it some sort of limitation on the software used to create the game?So, after fixing up my resolution, I decide to play a little bit of sandbox. And god it-'s horrible. Back in the old time of KAG, it had a simple building layout, with 8 things on it. Simple and easy. Now you have all these wires and lamps and other bullcrap that don-'t actually need using.  WHAT THE HELL IS WIRE DOING IN A MEDIEVAL GAME, ANYWAY?  I couldn-'t even select things properly, they just select themself when you scroll over them. This is when I quit. Honestly, I couldn-'t give two damns about the community, I just want that damn build menu fixed. Until then, I-'m going to have to give this a 2/10. why must you hurt me in this way 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII SEEEEEEEEET MY SAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIL
i own over $140 worth of items and my friends don't talk to me anymorethanks sega
After dying about 137 times, I got really close to the end of the level and then a saw killed me. I literally threw the controller across the room and it made a crack in the wall. My friend, who was watching next to me, told me to 'calm down, it's just a game'.My friend doesnt live on this spiritual plane anymore. i later tried the level with keyboard and did it first try like wtf game you said controllers would be better 
would get hunted by creepy ♥♥♥ creature on custom map again 10/10
10/10 would make ♥♥♥♥♥♥ dreams become a reality again
10/10 flappy-bird-level-creator 2015 would lose faith in humanity again
