It doesn't matter how many hours you playIt doesn't matter how many hats you haveIt doesn't matter how many kills you have on your strangesIt doesn't matter how good you are...You can always die to a random 10fps m1 + w pyro...He doesn't even know what he did...Example
Needs Australian servers 180 ping isn't too fun...Apart from that it's a fantastic fast pace instakilling shooter.
Defibs downed teammate. Revives them. Defibs downed enemy. Kills them.   Proper review here
The game is gorgious. The combat is deep and exciting, a thing most fps games lack. And a plot twist that you will never guess until you finish and say to yourself “did that just happen?”Note: played about 10 hours offline
Tf2 is my girl but I once played a game in the ranking system learnt how to play as my team carried me. 10/10 people thought I was trolling when I actually had no idea.
No matter how good you are at this game WHENEVER a cloaker kills you its always ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. 10/10 Would call BS again.
Its not as bad as people say it to be. It was boycot by its -fans- the dlc was never completed because of 2k Australia death.The game smooths out kinks with Borderlands 2 it creates new movement possiblities and better for dodging by adding Oz kits. However I wish that they killed you faster when you had no oxygen left. Its not really a big deal but thats my opinion.UVHM isn-'t revolved around slag. Borderlands 2 was slag simulator 2012 and made the game monotonous and boring. Slag the enemy switch to another gun. Slag the enemy switch to another gun. Slag the enemy switch to another gun. That was basically all you would do. The Pre-Sequel adds Cryo as a replacement for slag and honestly, its a much more fun element to use and creates more a diverse way to play UVHM.The story was told through in a narative way by Athena, one of the vault hunters which was a great way to tell this story. It makes you feel sorry for what happened to Jack and makes him an even more detailed character. Who doesn-'t love Jack?THE VAULT AREN-'T MUTES. THEY ACTUALLY COMMENT ON THE SITUATION.All of the vault hunters are great characters to play and are all equally viable throughout the game if equiped with the right gear. So if you want to grab this game pick it up on sale if you are still uncertain but I-'m sure you will get your money-'s worth either way.
What destiny should have been.
This is the game of my dreams. I swear I dreamt this up when I was a young kid.
