Team Fortress 2 is a team-based, first-person shooter multiplayer computer game developed by valve. It is the successful sequel to Tream Fortress Classic. It first came out in a compilation called The Orange Box, which is no longer avaliable. As of 2011, Team Fortress 2 is a free to play game, where you can upgrade to premium via purchasing something from the Team Fortress 2 in-game store.Gameplay: This fun game is based on two oppisite teams, Builders League United, often refered to as BLU team. And RED team, Reliable Excavation and Demolition. Players can choose to play as one of the nine character classes in these teams each with their own unique strenghts, weaknesses and weapons. Each class consist of a primary weapon, a secondary weapon, and a melee weapon. Although certain classes contain PDA-'s and other unique items. Team Fortress 2 was released with six offical maps, but many more maps have been added. A neat little addition to this game is -The Administrator- a woman announces different game events over PA or Loudspeaker, so that everyone in the game can hear it. Stats are a extreamly nice addition to this game, where time played as a certain class, most kills as that class and most objectives achived in that life, etc...Game Modes:-In Capture the Flag maps, the objective for both teams is to obtain a briefcase of intelligence from the enemy team-'s base and return it to their own base while preventing the opposing team from doing the same. The player carrying the intelligence can be killed to drop the briefcase, or the player can willingly drop it; in either case this starts a brief timer. A team can only score by delivering the enemy-'s intelligence to their base. A match lasts until one team scores a set number of points or time runs out. A variant of Capture the Flag, called Special Delivery, has teams vying over a single briefcase to attempt to deliver to a common target. Once the intelligence is picked up by one team, only members of that team can carry it until either it successfully delivered, or the drop timer expires and it is returned to its original spawn point. -Control Point modes are more varied in their objectives, but share the common aim of capturing a particular point on the map by having one or more team members stay on the point without the presence of the opposing team for a short period of time. In standard control point maps, each team already controls an equal number of points, with one additional point left unclaimed; teams can only attempt to capture points that are nearest to those points they already control. Each team attempts to progressively capture all the control points to win the round. In attack/defend-style maps, the RED team already controls all the points on the map, and must hold these points from being captured by the opposing team (BLU Team) for a length of time. Attack/defend-style maps can come in either single-round or multiple-round maps; Rounds past the first will only be played if BLU wins a round.-Territorial control is a more complex version of Control Point, in which each map is divided into a number of closed sections, held between the two teams. Each round has one team attempting to seize control of the opposing team-'s capture point for that section in a fixed amount of time. Once a team holds all but the enemy-'s home base point, they then attempt to capture the enemy base point while the enemy defends for a fixed amount of time.-King of the Hill features a single control point in the center of the map, with teams vying for control over it. The control point is locked for a set amount of time after the round start. Once the point is unlocked, either team can capture it. Capturing the control point starts the team-'s clock counting down. The clock that is currently counting down will only stop if the other team captures the point, the clock reaches 0:00, or another map-specific event occurs such as a Halloween boss spawning during the Halloween event. Teams win the round when their clock reaches 0:00 with the control point currently under their control. If the other team is capturing the point, the round will not end until the point-'s capture progress resets to 0.-Payload maps feature a length of track atop which sits a bomb mounted on a cart. These maps come in two varieties. In normal Payload maps, one team must escort the cart through a series of checkpoints in a limited amount of time to reach a final target that the other team defends. The cart moves when one or more players of the team are near it without enemies nearby; during this, the cart heals and provides ammo to those close by. If no one is by the cart, it may move backwards towards the last checkpoint, or roll off uphill sections of the track. In Payload Races, both teams race to deliver a bomb-cart to a final target; there are no checkpoints and unmanned carts will not move in reverse, but still require team members nearby to fully complete uphill sections. Both types of Payload maps can come in single-round or multiple-round maps. In standard payload, further rounds will only be played if BLU wins. In Payload Race, all rounds will be played regardless of which team wins, but the winner of previous rounds starts with their cart farther up the track.-Arena is a team deathmatch mode, typically occurring smaller environments featuring a single control point. In each round, players do not respawn on death; a team wins the round by capturing the control point or eliminating all of the other team members.-Medieval mode can be played on maps dedicated to this mode, or enabled for any other mode type. This mode forces players to use melee or similar medieval weapons.-MvM - Mann vs. Machine - is a six player co-operative mode where the mercenaries are defending a structure against increasingly difficult waves of robots. Players have the ability to buy upgrades and improvements between rounds using in-game money earned during previous waves. A -Mann Up- version is available by purchasing tickets with real money to participate in larger events on official servers with the opportunity to win unique cosmetic items after successfully completing a Tour of Duty. If you decided to read this far in, thank-you for reading. :)
