liked it
Glory for the great leader.
Start as Byzantine emperor in 1066.Make alliance with HRE somehow and stop the Turks from taking Anatolia.Go to war with the various kingdoms in the Balkans and when i run out of cash kick the Jews out of the empire to get rid of my debts to them.Realize that my spymaster was a Jew and now i have a dumbass spymaster.Start a holy war with the Muslims.Fail to assassinate the caliph.Take some Muslim land and commit religious genocide against them.Dumbass son Kills me and takes over the empireRevolt happens and at the same time the caliph launches a jihad for Armenia against me.I lose and get imprisoned then executed by some Duke of mine.I have no successor and the game ends.♥♥♥♥ING AWSOME GAME. 100000000000/10
 one of my fav games.
The 12 days of fallout.On the first day of fallout Todd Howard sent to me a fallout 4 pip boy edition.On the second day of fallout Todd Howard sent to me two vault 111 hoodies and a fallout 4 pip boy edition.On the third day of fallout Todd Howard sent to me 3 season pass codes. two vault 111 hoodies and a fallout 4 pip boy edition.On the fourth day of fallout Todd Howard sent to me four fallout 4 custom Xbox one controllers. 3 season pass codes. two vault 111 hoodies and a fallout 4 pip boy edition.On the fifth day of fallout Todd Howard sent to me five fallout bobble heads. four fallout 4 custom Xbox one controllers. 3 season pass codes. two vault 111 hoodies and a fallout 4 pip boy edition.On the sixth day of fallout Todd Howard sent to me six bottles of Nuka cola. Five fallout bobble heads. four fallout 4 custom Xbox one controllers. 3 season pass codes. two vault 111 hoodies and a fallout 4 pip boy edition.On the seventh day of fallout Todd Howard sent to me seven Mr handy robots. Six bottles of Nuka cola. Five fallout bobble heads. four fallout 4 custom Xbox one controllers. 3 season pass codes. two vault 111 hoodies and a fallout 4 pip boy edition.On the eighth day of fallout Todd Howard sent to me eight vault boy posters. Seven Mr handy robots. Six bottles of Nuka cola. Five fallout bobble heads. Four fallout 4 custom Xbox one controllers. 3 season pass codes two vault 111 hoodies and a fallout 4 pip boy edition.On the ninth day of fallout Todd Howard sent to me nine feral ghouls. Eight vault boy posters. Seven Mr handy robots. Six bottles of Nuka cola. Five fallout bobble heads. Four fallout 4 custom Xbox one controllers. 3 season pass codes two vault 111 hoodies and a fallout 4 pip boy edition.On the tenth day of fallout Todd Howard sent to me ten laser pistols. Nine feral ghouls. Eight vault boy posters. Seven Mr handy robots. Six bottles of Nuka cola. Five fallout bobble heads. Four fallout 4 custom Xbox one controllers. 3 season pass codes two vault 111 hoodies and a fallout 4 pip boy edition.On the eleventh day of fallout Todd Howard sent to me eleven vault dwellers. Ten laser pistols. Nine feral ghouls. Eight vault boy posters. Seven Mr handy robots. Six bottles of Nuka cola. Five fallout bobble heads. Four fallout 4 custom Xbox one controllers. 3 season pass codes two vault 111 hoodies and a fallout 4 pip boy edition.On the twelfth day of fallout Todd Howard sent to me twelve mini nukes. Eleven vault dwellers. Ten laser pistols. Nine feral ghouls. Eight vault boy posters. Seven Mr handy robots. Six bottles of Nuka cola. Five fallout bobble heads. Four fallout 4 custom Xbox one controllers. 3 season pass codes two vault 111 hoodies and a fallout 4 pip boy edition.
great fun
if u love left 4 dead walking dead or any other zombie game prepare to be blown away by the sher awsomeness of this game.
