EARLY ACCESS REVIEW Posted: 24 MayThis game is garbage. If you manage to run a successful private server with friends, you--'ll enjoy it. Otherwise, you--'re entering a poorly optimized, grief prone fiesta. The developers are too focused on content release than to focus on fixing the problems of their game. I--'m going to lay it out for you clearly and easily.Griefing --Ark is a game where you build bases in a sandbox and your body stays in the game after you logout. This isn--'t a unique concept, as it shares this attribute with games like Rust. However, Ark also attempts to interblend a dinosaur aspect which it fails at miserably. The reason why is because of the exponential growing curve required to succeed in this game. Exponential Growing Curve --As you advance in the game, you require more and more minerals and resources for your items. However, dinosaurs gather this tremendously faster. If you want to tame a high level dinosaur, you need to have many hours dedicated to taming (hours. You read that right), and many resources to keep the dinosaur unconscious. If you manage to endure the glitches, bugs, spawns, griefers, and finally tame such dinosaur, you--'re rewarded with gameplay boons unimaginable. HERE IS WHERE THE PROBLEM IS.A tribe on a server, through time and merely time alone, become near unstoppable due to the simple aspect of this curve. If you--'re gathering metal by hand, attempting to make metallic weaponries in your twenties, and the elder tribe is gathering at a rate, and I--'m not joking you, 1000% your speed, you--'re going to have a dilemma. Mind you if this tribe decides to be a grief tribe and patrol the skies with high level avian creatures, you have little to no way to fight way.This is directed at new tribes establishing on servers.-- The Time SinkArk is such an invested Time Sink. You have to play for hours and hours to get over the grind. If someone plays longer than you, they--'re going to beat you. It doesn--'t matter what you say, or what you think. They--'ll reach the curve first and outpace your technology.This game is so terribly flawed I--'m not even sure why people enjoy this ♥♥♥♥. Mind you, IF YOU DECIDE TO PLAY ON A PVE SERVER, you STILL Have to deal with griefers in the form of land claiming, as they place useless pillars all over the ♥♥♥♥ing map because the developers are too inept to disable this, or find a better way to make this work.I have 630 hours on this game. I--'ve played way back when, recently, and presently. I--'ve conquered servers before exploiting this, and I--'ve been conquered. THE GAME. IS NOT WORTH. YOUR FRUSTRATION.When the developers clean up their act, maybe give it a shot then. Until then, don--'t waste your time.
Real talk here,Can we all just atleast acknowledge the fact that this game is selling at 20 usd and you are literally a little ♥♥♥♥ed up dwarf running around with ridiculously bad combat and bugs everywhere? Like the Witcher 3 is 25 usd right now, I just don't understand.Once again the developers of this game, like star forge, have develeoped a decent fun, enjoyable concept, however as soon as they have made their money they have bent us, consumers, over a desk and had their way with us.Like what the ♥♥♥♥ is this?♥♥♥♥ this game, don't buy it. Would honestly rather buy crack.
Absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing savage, what a true DOOM reboot should be, and one of the best FPS games I have played in years. I have played DOOM since 1993 and still play and make maps to this day for the originals. So my review is based on how it it as a reboot to the series, and how it pits itself against modern FPS games.10/10 for the Single Player.The weapon system is awesome, choosing what upgrades to use, when you want to use them, switching between each weapon flawlessly and quick feels so fluid.The monsters are designed beautifuly, including the bosses who are heaps better than what DOOM 3 had to offer, anytime I would see the ---Arch Vile--- (Summoner) I would actually go into panic mode as it was the only monster that I had issues with. The enviroments are absolutely beautiful and detailed as hell. The music is badass and fantastic, the OST needs to be released, I would happily pay money for it.The action is actually extremely fast paced in SP and a blast. There wasn---'t a dull moment in DOOM that I could find. The optimization for this game too is amazing, only running a 950m and i7-4720HQ and can play this game flawlessly. 30 ish FPS on medium, and 45ish FPS on low. (Yes I know time for an upgrade but building a PC when the 1080 comes out.)I loved this game so much I bought it twice, once for PC and once for PS4.Multiplayer 7/10Don---'t get me wrong, I love the multiplayer, i---'ve had a blast with it. But I personally didn---'t think it lets itself up to be what it could have been. Loadouts, and game speed are the killer for me. Other than that, the multiplayer is great, tons of stuff to unlock, badass armour to equip, and running a match where you absolutely dominate just feels so great. The demon runes too are a blast to play as, as well. But all in all, besides Demon Runes, the multiplayer doesn---'t offer too much new ideas. Still fun though. (Biasm due to obsession with DOOM as a whole may be included in this multiplayer review.)SnapMaps 5/10 hopefully 9/10 in the coming months, and 7/10 if you don---'t know how to or never will mod.As of right now, Snapmaps is a boring, useless tool, and I don---'t see many great things come of it... yet...12 monster limit, bugs in the logic (weird bugs.), limited things about the way you can build maps, and the presets are boring as hell. Spent 2 full days making a map, and probably won---'t ever make a map again. If I only got the game on PS4, I probably would rate it higher as it is a wonderful map editor for console. But for PC, it is ♥♥♥♥. Doom needs true modding support, and there should be way less limitations on snapmap for PC. Plus no boss monsters on snapmap? Disappointing. Although ID/Bethesda plan to release a lot more content for snapmap, I don---'t see it ever becoming a replacement for modding support. However for people who can---'t or never will pick up modding it will be great for you. Also the menu---'s for navigating snapmap maps is a mess right now, with the same content appearing on the front page all the time.There is work that needs to be done for snapmaps at the moment. A lot of work.My 4th and final critisicm of the game is no modding support as said above. Hopefully someone can find a way to make modding possible, but as of right now I don---'t see that happening for a long time.As for DLC, if all they plan to release is multiplayer related DLC and snapmap related DLC, I think they are going in the wrong direction. The fans (from what i---'ve seen and including myself) want Singleplayer DLC. Other than that here---'s a recap.Singleplayer: 10/10Multiplayer: 7/10Snapmaps 5/10, 7/10, 9/10?The Singleplayer experience alone trumps the MP and snapmaps enough that I highly, highly recommend it to anyone who likes FPS games/ DOOM games/ or action games.PS. If you love Devil May Cry, or DMC, you will find this game right at home for you.
