This is the largest most extensive old school RPG I have ever played, I have played moost of the fallout series (fallout 3 and NV on ps3) and decided to revisit them by buying the anthology (if you dont already have the games on PC i would recommend buying it). I have already finished fallout 1, that game was great, but this... this game is something amazing in comparison. There is a lot to do, and unlike the first game there is no real time limit that i know of, you are able to complete all quests that you want to without the worry of screwing it up and having to start over.Pros:+ combat that is fun, actually pretty easy to get around (it may seem complex if you watch gameplay)+ very big world+ level cap at 99, alowing you to get just about every perk that you reall want (unllike the first game, capping at 21)+ alot of diverse different types of weapons and iterms (unlike the basic 10mm pistol, chinese pistol etc that are in the later games)+ there is alot of stuff to do, things to kill, loot to find and quests to complete+ lots of interesting lore and backstory+ this game is honestly fun to playCons- sequencing can be VERY annoying when fighting enemies and just waiting for your turn- early on random encounters can be annoying and way to difficult, sometimes i would go through a zone where random encounters would happen after every second of traveling, this is really irritating if you don't have a high outdoorsman skill, having to save before travel and save constantly while travelling from point A to point B.-occasional high amounts of lag, the only way to stop it is to save, exit the entire game and load which is very irritating and wastes alot of time.overall the pros outweigh the cons, so I rate this game 9/10, if you are interested in old style games or just want to experience the early fallout games I would highly recommend this game.
Got this game with the fallout anthology (would recommend buying the bundle) this game is a bit hard to get into in the beginning, if you watch a video of the gameplay before you play the combat system looks very complicated, but honestly its not, five minutes of messing around staining the cavern walls of the starting area with the blood of your enemies (little innocent rats that do like 1 damage when they try to defend themselves from your skull crushing boots) and you will have just about everything combat/AP-related down pat. The game is actually pretty fun when you get into it, its pretty rewarding too.Now I would usually leave tips for character creation up to people to find out but i do have 1 very important tip to write.speech is important but CHARISMA IS UTTERLY USELESS, I seriously recommed not having any more than 1-2 points in charisma, speech alone is enough, it sort of seems like charisma doesnt even affect speech in-game. Use the extra points for luck, intelligence or agility. (you really should start with around 9 agility, you can get an operation later in the game to increase it to 10, ability points are the most important thing in combat).for its time: 9.5/10for todays time: 8.5/10
This game is great 10/10i played through the story and got the normaland the good ending (i didnt get the good ending achievement for some reason?) and then i realised you could get a bad ending aswell. If you can follow it the games story is actualy pretty good and to be ohnest when i finished the good ending i was sad, i want to play more of this game (hopefully a sequel) and see what happened after the ending, and there are so many secrets in this game! you can get a bubble gun which i went back to get and a ray gun or a snake gun (the ray gun is better) its amazing that i missed out on the secret giant rabbid bunny statue and the air fortress thing (the one where you get to fight all of those clones of curly and an extra boss) and the bottom of the floating island and a few other areas where i would have been able to find more items or rocket upgrades and im annoyed that i missed them. This game is ohnestly a masterpiece.
this game is great, it has heaps to do and after almost 130 hours worth of play i have beaten every boss, beaten every event enemy and event boss at least 3 times, collected every rare pet summoning item, kiled at least 2 of every enemy and moved in every npc,there is so much to do in this game, collecting rare pet items (i have all of them and i have the collectors edition so i get the carrot) of which the seaweed that summons the turtle is my favourite, fighting bosses (the twins or the ice queen would have to be the hardest) making potions, building awesome buildings (i have 2 halloween themed buildings a pumpkin one and a spooky wood one) lots of biomes including the corruption or crimson (you spawn with either one crimson supposedly being rarer) ocean, hallow, snow, desert, normal, floating islands, the living woods, the realy rare spider nests and crimson/corruption versions of the desert, snow and hallowed versions of them to. this game is amazing and out of all of my hours i have only spent about 3 on multiplayer or other worlds the world is so deep and goes down for ages, the one and only down side to this game is that i would want to be able to have a bigger world, not deeper but wider as i have never experienced a hallowed, corrupt or crimson snow biome or hallowed desert. over all i give this game 9.8 out of 10, it would get a ten if you could choose to have a bigger world. i cant wait for the next event or boss as i have experienced every challenge and i am hungry for more. this game is amazing, next i will move on to dont starve as it looks like a challengeand for all of those KIDS with NO LIFE who are like -this game sucks! play minecraft! i just wet my pants while playing minecraft!- just no, ohnestly this game has way more features minecraft has what   5 tiers of weapons? and no prefixes? this game has about a hundred tiers for swords, from wood to terra and minecraft has 5 normal enemies, 3 nether enemies and 2 slimes, thats only ten, i mean seriously? in normal mode alone terraria has around 40 enemies then when you progress to hardmode about 100 and i have counted the bosses,  about 2in minecraft and 14 in terraria (4 in normal, 5 in hardmode and 5 in events). so just dont complain
This game is not just tower defense, it is also a huge rpg with loads of dlc all worth the money you pay! (even though i got it in a humble bundle a while ago that came with ALL dlc for only like 20 cents, but since then the tinkerers lab dlc came out which is the only one i dont have but i still have the series EV and REALY want it.) This game IS the best tower defense i have ever played and one of the best rpgs aswel! I beleive this game has great multiplayer where you can all play together and have HOURS of fun, its worth encouraging your friends or family to buy or even buying a copy for them! This game is amazing with loads of different enemies and maps, complete with randomly generated and dropped for you to pick up. Great game 10 out of 10
I believe that this game was amazing! although it took a while to work out how to do certain things and that a certain level was realy grueling and took a while to finish (level 11: mountains) the combat was great! the graphics were like an amazing drawing that was gone over so many times that it was perfect, like staring at hours worth of perfection in an artform. The story was told through pictures in scenes before and after every level meaning that many players will interpret the story differently. The music was great and there where various enemies making it a great experience, barely ever repeting desighn or level. This game was amazing and one of the greatest indie games i have ever played (not realy a large advertised game but a smallish game) sometimes indies can truely be better than big launch titles, this game is a perfect example of one. Just a tip if: if you find any levels realy hard (such as 11) take it slow and dont rush, if you do you will probably get killed in a lange hored of enemies, if any level is extremely hard you should probably change your difficulty down if you are new to the game. Another probably more important thing is to take your time to explore as you will find many useful secrets and amazing hidden things in the beutiful levels. I beleive this game is amazing and worth your money! just one question, is the game hand drawn like rayman origins? becaus the environments and creatures look amazing like they have had a lot of time put into them.
Dear Esther is an amazing game based on your character and a mysterious island, you are a dying explorer writing letters to esther an entity so far unknown to you, is the island real or just a hallucination? who is esther? it is reaveled as you play, you have nothing but memories of a fatal car crash and fragmented memories the previous people who lived on the island, you where rowing to a land you only know as -the mainland- to escape a disease you only know as -the infection- and as your charachter explains in the first chapter you have washed up on -this wretched island- and you learn of other things like seeing jets fly over the island and you eventualy learn what actualy happened (im tempted to spoil it but i wont).The story and the music are butifull but in the first chapter it feels realy creepy being truly alone, but it gets better with the amazing veiws of the island (and getting used to being alone) all your character wants is to escape and to -become a gull and soar over the island and be free- you learn of people carving white markings into the cliff when they are dying to warn others to keep away untill whatever killed them has died too...I beleive that this game is amazing, both beutiful and eerie and i give it a 9 out of 10 it was an amazing experience, worth your money and worth playing twice.
