If you come into this game expecting Orcs Must Die! 3 or something like LoL or DOTA than your going to be dissapointed, that doesn't mean this game is bad by all means, it's a great game. The general gameplay of seige mode PvP is really fun, the trap building is very cut down to a basic form compared to the other Orcs Must Die games but adds a level of strategy to dealing with incoming waves, this is understandable as your focus is on this push/hold gameplay style but to ultimately break through the other team's rift room. Jungeling in this is not really a thing, it's destroying caches and getting minion portal upgrades which is essential to win, and doing this playstyle means you need to know when to support your team during pushes. Survival mode is the PvE gamemode where you defend your rift against waves of enemy minions, this mode feels lacking especially if you've played the other Orcs Must Die! games, most of the time if your team isn't dumb or your down a player you will win, games don't feel long enough or are not difficult once you've figured out how to force minions the long way. Survival does need improvements and hopefully later in development it gets better. Not saying it's not enjoyable just that gets bland after a 3-5 games in one play session.Free to play means, pay to win right? No sure you can get a boost from paying for heros and chests but doesn't mean that if you don't buy you will have to grind to be good at the game. The grind isn't too bad for traps and minions which determine your strategy of winning, however for heros and other things will take longer to obtain, in my opinion buying the calssic hero pack is not worth it and the grind for them is find for free to plays.
A simple platformer 3v3 with strategy of defense and offense. Upgrading plays a key part in gaining victory, when to attack and being able to withstand your opponents. Each character is unique, with each having a 'fighting style', healer/status, melee and range. Overall i love it and my review isn't enough to describe the game to you.P.S For some reason this game reminds me of Rachet and Clank,
