Gave some water to some wanderers. They got run over by war boys 10 seconds later.10/10
Life Is Strange is an outstanding example of an episodic adventure game. It's story is gripping, with twists and turns that will always keep you guessing. The characters are written believably, and each interaction makes you really believe that these are real people. Words can't really describe this game, so I highly recommend that you check it out.
PAYDAY 2 is the sequel to Overkill Software's 2011 shooter, PAYDAY: The Heist. Released in August 2013, the game sees you and up to three other players tackle a wide variety of heists, robberies, and other assorted criminal activities. You can plan with your team, case the joint, and then try and pull off the score without a hitch. Or, you can end up defending against waves of police if something goes wrong and you have to rely on Plan B. Missions range from simple bank heists or jewel store robberies to more elaborate plans, such as cooking a batch of meth in order to sell to a street gang while under assault from the police. Since the game's initial release in 2013, a number of changes have been made, including reworks to the game's soundtrack and stealth system, among other things. Extra heists and other content have been added too - some free in updates, and some as paid DLC. If you still want to play DLC heists though, you needn't worry about being locked out of content. Even if you don't own a DLC, you can still join a lobby hosting a DLC map. Only buy DLC heists if you plan on hosting your own games for them.As for the game's mechanics themselves, they are very fun and gratifying. Most of the game's heists can be completed without raising the alarm, if you're skilled enough. To do so, you'll have to eliminate guards and make sure to answer their pagers after, though you only have a limit of four until the operator gets too suspicious. Careful management of civilians is also key to keeping your robbery quiet. Tie them down, or they may get brave and phone the police. That's not to say that going guns blazing isn't fun either, though. In fact it's quite the opposite. The game's shooting mechanics are fast, responsive, and smooth, making it easy to gun down hordes of SWAT troopers while also making it a blast to do so. There are a wide variety of weapons to choose from too, so there is something for almost any style of play. Overall, PAYDAY 2 is one of the stronger co-op focused shooters out there. Working as a team to pull off a good score is always fun and rewarding, and the varied heists (with some features, such as the location of security rooms, randomly generated) mean that you won't get bored quickly. The main downside is the lack of a decent single-player experience. While you can play by yourself, you are simply restricted to playing each heist with two AI partners, who aren't smart and can only really function as bullet sponges. So, if you're looking to find a crew (or already have one), then definitely pick this up. If you prefer to play alone, however, this is not the game for you.
This game made me internally monologue for weeks on end, forcing me to seek out professional psychological help.Play at your own risk.
Called a cop a ♥♥♥♥. What a perfect game.
Possibly one of the most underrated open-world games out there, Sleeping Dogs excels in everything it does. Unlike most crime games, there is a focus on Arkham-style melee combat, inspired by almost every kung-fu movie under the sun. Driving is fun and has an arcade feel to it, while gunfights are exciting with the addition of bullet time when vaulting over objects. Add to all this the beautiful open-world of Hong Kong, a gripping story that is wonderfully acted, and some catchy songs on the radio, and you've got a game that simply cannot be missed.
