Indie Game quality. Less polished than Ark. It's fun, sure it's not an action game. It's very much about taking your time and I like that. But for 75AUD I can not recommend it. It's simply not worth that much. Screenshots and trailer also don't represent the game at all. Please look for in game footage on YouTube before you buy, it's nothing like advertised. At least see what you're paying for before you make up your mind. As for what we have, it kinda ended up like Spore, great in theory but execution has holes. Looking forward to updates, hopefully we'll see that E3 quality down the track.
The silence after you finish this game is deafening.
Singleplayer feels more like the originals, obviously with some more modern mechanics. For those who are new to the series, it's a chaotic shooter that plays like a hybrid between Painkiller and Titanfall.Wish the campaign was longer, I took 18 hours, but unlike most games of recent years I can see a lot of replayability, not too mention the Challenges and Original Doom Levels that you can unlock. Definitely worth the money.Have no opinions on Multiplayer as I didn't bother, it's not really my thing.
Normally don't care for Comic titles however it was the Art Direction of this game that got me into it. Despite the dreadful launch the title has since been majoratively fixed. The game is enjoyable, the stories interesting and engaging. I would highly recommend it, definitely worth its value. I will probably even give New Game + a go at some point.
Fun little thing, small little experience but not much of a game. Good to kill 5 minutes.
An intimate view of World War 1 life. The horrors people faced as well as the overall history of the time. I took more away from this story than any textbook. I'd definitely recommend it.
It's only human to have the instinct that something is missing in your life, a longing for purpose and growth to dwell out into the great unknown. I ignored that and played this instead. Definitely worth the money, good fun for $10.
If you have Windows 8 you'll need to create the settings directory yourself in %appdata% and copy a settings file across, the one that works is the settings.txt of Dead Space 2, there's a steam topic for it somewhere. A little bit of fiddling but this game is well worth it. I also recommend Widescreen fixer for the FOV.
