Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, This is game is just counter strike with new skins and highly redesigned textures for the most part, As for many players, the game seems more easier and for some more harder. The game is 14.99 and is a good buy if your wanting to start counter strike, and i know, i know people are going to say get counter strike 1.6 or counter source. But depending on your budget and if your into good graphics, i guess get this then. This game is alright buy, jsut skins thats all your getting from it. I'm giving Counter-Strike: GO a 7.5/10
The binding of isaac, Well what is there to say about this, this game is all the way about religion with a cartoon twist. Isaac who is about to be killed by his mom, jumps down to the basement where he will have to fight his way to survive and at the end, he will fight his mom. Binding of isaac is a very rage inducing game. You might of gotten to the last level and die and go to the very begginning. But thats what makes it addiciting. I think binding of isaac is a great game, especially with the DLC (WRATH OF LAMB) I give Binding Of Isaac a 8.5/10
There always something more to the game then meets the eye. You are in the game. Choice making changes the course of the game. This game is one of the best of 2012. It is never ending action and suspense. Horror. This game is one of a kind. 10/10
Team Fortress 2. A huge step from Team Fortress 1. Team Fortress 2 is a great game to play with you friends. Steam trading make its great, if your willing to give or sell a item to a friend or someone you meet, for something you would like. Team Fortress is a highy-addicting game. Its many maps, as well as community maps, weapons makes it one of a kind game. With none stop fun. Now Free To Play. Anyone can play. Great Game 9.5/10
Left 4 Dead 2 is one the greatest zombie games out there. Well done format. Very good maps. Highly texturely maps. Many easter eggs aswell. Left 4 Dead 2 is one the best co-op zombie games out there and one of the best mass types of gameplay zombie games out there aswell. Very good games, and a MUST BUY.
Grand Theft Auto IV is one of the best games ever, no questioned asked. Highly realistic, extremely well done realistic graphics. One of the best New York landscape games out there. You basically can do whatever you want in this. Well almost.
2K games really swung for the fences with Mafia II. Unfortunately, at the last second, a ridiculously fast outfielder scaled the wall and caught the ball to deny the homerun. Then the fielder turned around and threw it back. After that the metaphor kind of falls apart.Mafia II is a great game, with high technical marks and a compelling story tailored for an adult audience, but its lack of depth and substance will ultimately drop it from being a classic to just being a good game. Which is a shame, because it really is a fun game, and with a little more time, 2K Czech’s Mafia II could have been something special.The story really pulls the player in. With it's twisted story and scenes. This game is very good and will go down in video game history. I give Mafia II 9.0/10 
