Seriously...You need to pay money to be able to use more than 3 colours on your robot...Just...Why...
Planetary Annihilation is a fun and exciting game if you know how to play properly. I find that it doesent lag except when you have hundreds of units on the screen at once but only a little. Although the gameplay might be a little bit slow and boring and the beginning of a match but it quickly gets much more interesting. Sadly, the problem with this game is it is not for everyone. Really to enjoy this game you need to enjoy these kinds of realtime strategic games, also if you dont know how to play properly you are going to have a very bad time. I will never forget the site of a moon flying towards a planet or completely annihilating a planet with a laser. I think this game is excellent and should be given a shot. All those people who wrote reviews they are out dated. There is less lag, the can save your game and the naval units are very powerfull.
The Fifth Day in my opinion is a decent game which has lots of potentialy to become something great with enough time and effort and, thats about it. The game is obviously lacking features that is apparent after playing the game for a bit. The AI is buggy and needs a complete redo which according to the developer is what he is currently working on but seems to be taking a while. The game has improved a lot since the last time I reviewed it with the annoying bug of AI walking through walls being fixed. Also, the weapon system was redone with people now being able to find weapon parts and create their own custom weapon using parts such as sights, recievers, barrels, triggers, etc with each part affecting the weapons performace. A new neat physics system was added to bases built by the player so that they crumble into rubble when destroyed. In my opinion the developer is doing a good job and trying but with only one person working on an ambitious game like this, proggress is painfully slow. If your looking for a unique game then you should consider buying the game but if you not prepared to deal with bugs and slow development you shouldn't buy it. If you do, then report bugs to the developer and don't not complain about the slow development.
Factorio is in my opinion a masterpiece, it is an amazing game that is what games should truly be. Games like this strike fear into the hearts of large parasitic companies like Activision, EA, Ubisoft, etc that only care about profit and don't care about their players or their games. Games like this show that small groups or even individual developers can take a dream, mix it with determination and sprinkle some pride on top to create an amazing game that in many ways greatly out does triple AAA titles and even puts them to shame. Factorio at first glance may seem like another low quality indie game that is just part of the endless stream of developers attempts to cash in on trends. But as soon as you open Factorio and start playing, it becomes apparent that it's far more than that. Factorio takes your typical base building and resource managment found in most of these kind of games and puts them on steroids. It takes the idea of managment and optimisation to such lengths that it requires dedication from players to even achieve a moderatly efficent design. No matter how well you optimise your refineries, inserters, conveyor bests, etc there will always be room for improvement. It's this room for improvement and sheer freedom that makes this game such a great experience and just makes the hours fly by. If your looking for a fun experience and enjoy building complex things and like learning from your mistakes then you should defiently pick up Factorio, especially with it only costing $20 which is enormous value for money.
