Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Phantoms is a third person multiplayer shooter, which is highly teamwork based and is extremely tactical. This definitely is not just another run and gun shooter, and requires patience and all players to work together as apart of a team in order to get the win.There is currently a selection of three classes, which consist of assault, recon and support -- Assault: Your average asault rifle and tanky soldier. It is their job to deal damage, and take fire from the enemy team, get up close and keep the enemy at a safe distance.- Recon: Your stealthy sniper, who mainly has the job of sneaking around and picking off enemies from a safe distance.- Support: You guessed it, it is mainly their job to support their teammates.This game is a free to play title, in which you can pay real money to unlock new items such as guns, headgear, armour, armour upgrades and much more, but so far I have found that the weapons available for purchase are quite balanced with the free to play weapons, so I have not yet seen weapon unbalancing as an issue.The game has decent graphics, nothing really too special but not bad at all. The maps are mainly one laned, with different opertunities to flank and catch the enemy team off guard. The maps overall look nice and most are fun to play on, as there is no map that I would personally say that I dislike. The game has relatively slow gameplay, being a tactical and teamwork encouraging third person shooter, so if you do not enjoy slow at times gameplay, then this may not be for you. The action in the game is what you make of it, but playing carefully and smartly is usually the best way to get the win.Overall, Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Phantoms is a fun and addictive third person shooter that I would highly reccomend to anyone who is a fan of tactical shooters which require and encourage teamwork. Besides, it's free to play, so why not just give it a go!Sorry if this review is a bit messy, it is my first proper review so I apologise. If I have made any errors please let me know!8/10
Starbound. Well what can I say. A game full of adventure that is just waiting for you to jump in and explore. Featuring an infinite number of randomly generated planets, which are themselves filled with many secrets to discover such as catacombs, villages, science labs even airships. The list could go on forever. One of the many beauties of this game is that once I'm done with one planet, I can just move onto the next and so on, with every new planet being a brand new adventure. The game is in early access, but you wouldn't even know it because this game is as playable as the next. I am really looking forward to what else this game has in store for the future.9/10.
