WHERE HAS THIS GAME BEEN ALL MY LIFE?!?I was hooked on this game from the first ten minutes of playing. The gameplay is intense, it leaves you thinking of up to three or more future moves. The multitude of equipment and augmentation gives this game a great feel and want to repeat the game all over again. It is an almost unforgiving strategy game and it gives a thrill that many games just don't.The maps are randomly generated and give a feeling that although some rooms are almost similar, the placement of the rooms make this game endlessly playable.This is my only criticism and I am aware that improvement on storyline is planned but at the moment it is very bare. You aren't really motivated by any larger goal and you aren't sure what the agency really is at all.I would recommend this game to anyone and keenly look forward to further additions.20/10(Would rate higher if I could)
This game is worth more than it is selling for. I've played this game for years and the HD remake was even better than I expected. The AoE2 online game community is great and if I had the chance I would buy the game all over again.
I got this game for about 50 cents, and it wasn't even worth that.You may think that this game is one where choice actually affects the story, it doesn't. No matter what you choose, you will continue to do the same crap and visit the same places. You will still go through the final act and see the same stuff, the only difference will be the very end scene.The only effort put into the game was the art and it's just a bunch of stills. The programming is the equivilant of a 10-year-old script kiddie. I would only reccomend this game if it was free
This game is blocky, it's graphics are simple, and yet it is better in terms of content than many other games out there. The simplicity of this game is extreme and yet you find yourself still ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bricks at the possiblity of someone with a scoped gun might kill you and take all your stuff. The zombies are easy once you know how to take them down but the hunger, thirst, sickness and blood makes the zombies that little more feared. The island is vast with resources and although the view may be an eyesore at first, it still gives you a feel of a real post-apocalytic world.Totally recommend it
