Dark Souls is, to put it briefly, a masterpiece with minor flaws.It-'s an incredible game, with an entrancing setting that can be both beautiful and haunting.As you guessed from the title, it is very dark, in terms of both setting and themes. However, it-'s not pitch black. There-'s always some hope, or some beauty, or some light that keeps this game from being nothing more than a depressing march from start to finish. The game feels more like -'Purgatory-' than -'Hell-', if that makes sense. Hope is frail in Dark Souls, but this game will never leave you feeling completely hopeless. There is ALWAYS a way.Finally, the big question everyone asks: Difficulty?Honestly, Dark Souls is not the brutally difficult game everyone tells you it is. Aside from two or three actually tough bosses, Dark Souls is only as hard as you allow it to be, as cliched as that sounds. If you appreciate learning, can think laterally and can adapt to meet changing situations, Dark Souls is a very enjoyable challenge. If you allow yourself to get easily frustrated, insist on blindly rushing things, and stubbornly refuse to change tactics if required, the game will punish you, and rightly so, because you-'re stupid. There is no -one-size-fits-all- plan. Dark Souls doesn-'t punish -unskilled- people, it punishes stupid people. In the first hour I couldn-'t even kill a pair of skeletons, now I-'ve finished the game. Perseverance is critical. If you-'re going to think like a loser, you-'re going to be a loser, it-'s as simple as that. There will be times when you-'ll want to throw your hands up in the air. Don-'t do it. Never give up.Dark Souls is honestly not a brutally tough game. For any Brood War players out there, if you could beat -To Slay The Beast-, you can beat this whole game,  Dark Souls is much easier than that was.So don-'t be afraid, don-'t hesistate, do something positive for yourself, and experience Dark Souls. When you make it to the end, you won-'t regret it. Also, get DSFix. It-'s a painless five minute install, and is absolutely necessary for a good experience.PS - No spoilers, but there-'s this thing called a -Purging Stone-. You might want to have at least one of those on you at all times. That-'s all I-'m saying.
I might catch some oil pot heat for this, but it needs to be said.Chivalry, at its essence, is a good game, I loved playing it.Sadly, a combination of questionable design choices, chronic issues of bugs and miscellaneous problems and relatively poor optimisation, are just a few reasons why I cannot in good conscience recommend this to anyone, especially not at full price.If this game ever goes Free To Play (Whether that's a good thing or a bad thing for Chivalry is debatable), then I would say maybe give it a try, because despite its flawed execution the core concept underneath is good.However, until that day comes (if ever), I would advise you to save your money, and spend it on a title that is actually worth paying $20 for. Torn Banner really dropped the ball on this one.
