I got this in Humble Bundle deal and never played it10/10 The hours i -played- is from me getting trading cards off IdleMaster....Hey why are you still reading this I have no opinion on this game, go look at some one elses reviewWhat more do you want from me?Fu*k it, here have a recipe for black forest cakeIngredients:1 x 470g pkt chocolate cake mix1 x 670g jar morello cherries2 tablespoons caster sugar1 tablespoon cornflour600ml thickened cream60ml (1/4 cup) kirsch2 tablespoons boiling water2 tablespoons caster sugar, extra100g dark cooking chocolate, coarsely grated Method: Step 1Prepare and bake the chocolate cake mix following packet directions. Turn onto a wire rack to cool completely. Use a large serrated knife to cut the cake horizontally into 3 even layers.Step 2Drain the cherries, reserving 160ml (2/3 cup) of the juice. Reserve 10 cherries to decorate. Place the remaining cherries and the reserved juice in a saucepan with the sugar and cornflour. Stir over medium-low heat until the mixture boils and thickens. Transfer to a large bowl. Cover with plastic wrap and place in the fridge to chill.Step 3Use an electric beater to beat cream in a medium bowl until firm peaks form.Step 4Place kirsch, water and extra sugar in a jug and stir until the sugar dissolves.Step 5Place 1 cake layer on a serving plate and drizzle over half of the kirsch mixture. Spread with half of the cherry mixture and a thin layer of the cream. Repeat with the remaining cake, kirsch mixture, cherry mixture and cream, finishing with a layer of cake.Step 6Spread some of the remaining cream over the top and side of the cake. Sprinkle the chocolate over the top and gently press onto the side of the cake.Step 7Place the remaining cream in a piping bag fitted with a 1cm fluted nozzle and pipe rosettes around the edge of the cake.Step 8Arrange the reserved cherries around the cake between the cream rosettes. Cut the cake into wedges to serve.THERE ARE YOU FU*KING HAPPY NOW!!!!!!
threatened to kill some one for trying to kill mold 10/10would die again.. and again and againVery good game nice music but hard. (could only with with cheats)
I had a life once... played tf2 took all my money.... spent it all on hats...This game will steal your soul... AND GIVE YOU HATSA must play 10/10GIVE ME ALL YOUR HATS.. he he he he he HA HAH AH AHHHHHHH
