So, let me begin with saying that I got this game with a 90% off, and for $1, it-'s pretty good. But, I would not buy this game for anywhere near $10 ($9.99).Pros:- Multiple gamemodes- Good graphics for its genre- A nice range of options- Replayability- Nice particle effects- Soundtrack is -'meh...-'Cons:- Horrible voice acting- 2/6 gamemodes are good, (in my opinion)- Forgotten about (by the devs)- 3D effects are not all that great- Horrible tutorials, in the end I had to just play around with all of the levels to see how they worked- In one of the combo voices, I heard -SPACES**T-'.This game isn-'t as good as Bejewled when it comes to match 3. It is fun, in a way, but not as addictive as was described in the description.If you have a coupon for 90% off, get it.If you want a fun match 3 game, get bejeweled.If you-'re thinking of buying this game at full price, don-'t.
Disclaimer: I am only level 8, I will update this review as I get more into the game.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The reviewHonestly, this game isn-'t as bad as everyone pitches it to be.In this game you create a village, or civilzation if you will, on a small island which you can -explore- using specialists. For your first hour, it-'s recommended to do all the quests the game sets you, and by level 8, I can safely say this has worked out for me, so far.At around level 6 or 7 you will be able to explore new -sectors- (as they-'re called) for your first time, allowing you to create a bigger village and get more resources. This is all fine and dandy except for the fact that everything, after a while, takes 5-10 minutes to build and the only way to speed things up is by using the blue gem things, which cost real money. To speed up something that takes  2minutes will be 6 gems) and the cheapest amount of gems you can buy in one purchase is 200. For $2.69 AUD (or your regional equivilent).In conclusionAll in all, the game has been an enjoyable experience so far, with the only downside being the price and usage of gems.Pros: - A fun time waster - Free - Has a fairly large amount of gameplay (look at the screenshots)Cons: - Price of gems - Overuse of gems
If you can't be bothered reading, here is the game summed up:This is a fun game, excellent soundtrack. Its kinda short though.Thomas was alone is an excellent little indie game made by Mike Bithell. It tells of a block called Thomas that was alone, and then, well, he wasn't. There are a lot of levels that you can sink your teeth into, some hard, some easy, and some just plain annoying, but all enjoyable.Sadly, this game isn't co-op; You could have one person as one block and others as other blocks. Neither does it have trading cards, which is a little bad. But thats about it that is bad. Very, very small things.This game has an excellent layout, HUD, narration, colo(u)r scheme, lots of achievements that really make you look for them sometimes.Although it has all this stuff, it would be hard to complete it, and then restart and replay it without (at least) a 6 month gap to forget how to do all the levels, the storyline, etc. So, in other words, a little replayablity.8.5/10.
