Fair warning, this is a VERY tongue in cheek game similar to GTA, if you haven't got a sense of humour then this isn't the game for you.I bought this in the 'Saints Row Ultimate Franchise Pack' when it was on special and I must say, this is the BEST purchase I have made on Steam so far (this game marks my 43rd game I have played via Steam at the time of writing).I enjoyed the GTA series games but looking back on them I would have to say I enjoyed this more.  I can say the same for the Far Cry series too.  I suppose I could add Just Cause to the list it beats but I have only played 3 hours of JC2 after getting a little tired of it, the same can't be said for SR3 though, it made me want to come back for more and more!Saints Row 2 was indeed a poor port in the fact that driving was fairly hard as the game played at an increased speed.  Saints Row 3 look excellent though and I encountered no problems (yet to play Co-op though).The activities are extremely fun, enough to replayable for the enjoyment of them.I look forward to playing SR4 soon!
Got this free in a giveaway, I installed, started and let it run to just get the Steam Cards.3.7 hours and 4 Steam Cards later I close.  -Yargis is synching- ... huh? ... turns out 73.89MB where being stored on Steam Cloud ... for idling in the game!This is the highest synched data for a game I have on Steam and all for doing jack$%!*
Sniper Elite V2 and Left4Dead went out one night, got drunk and hooked up. 9 months later Sniper Elite Nazi Zombie Army was born .... True Story!  So true that in the remastered Trilogy version they added the L4D heroes!
Having been given this as a gift I was sceptile ... I don't really like Tower Defense games at all and for a while decided not to even install it, but since it offered Steam Cards that I could sell and make a small profit on I thought I would give it a try.Glad I did, have really enjoyed this first hour of gameplay and found it entertaining, the best Tower Defense game I have had the pleasure of trying!Will not be uninstalling as originally intended but keep it for occassional gameplay!
Got this free MONTHS and MONTHS ago.  Haven-'t been bothered to download and install till now and I am so regretting it taking so long to do ... I REALLY ENJOY IT!I just got the Double Dose (Snipe 2 people with one shot) award, the first person got shot through the heart and then it spun out hitting the 2nd enemy about the waste .... to my surprise the skeleton and anatomy came up and showed his ball sack being obilerated!YOU HEARD ME! .... -his ball sack being OBILERATED!-How could you not enjoy this game?
On sale for 14c and even though you will only make a small profit if you sell the cards (at the time of writing they are about 7c each, minus the Steam tax you will make 5c per card) it is actually a fairly fun game.  It may be short but given the price, profit from cards and being a kinda fun game it is well worth the cost!Graphic are that of N64 era games.  Looks like a Megaman game.
The Good, the Bad and the Ugly! - 3 view points on each.The Good- When on sale for under 30c you can make an easy profit selling the cards!- A puzzle game similar to the old Leemings in a way that will get your mind working.- The several methods of death for the cat.The Bad- Took me 2 hours of just idling or mucking about to get the 3 card drops .... same amount took me 30 mins or less in Defy Gravity (which is a far better game for a similar price when on sale)- Very low resolution settings so things will appear big and out of shape or blurry.- There is so many bad things I could list ... which one to pick ...how about; -I want the plank on a certain angle in this small space *fiddles with mouse* stop automatically rotating it too far ... I SAID STOP DAMN YOU!-The Ugly- The graphics .... sooo horrible!- SO NOT FOR CHILDREN! Don-'t have children in your house when playing this game .... or if the kid is annoying you then run the game and watch them go crying to mummy!- After you get the 3 card drops you should uninstall and never play this again!
While not as good as BAA or BAC, Warner Bros put together a good game none the less with an interesting and engaging storyline with the first appearance of Joker and Bane.  Worth getting if you are a fan of Batman or the Arkham series.
GREAT Free to play game.Started playing at 5pm with the goal to play 30 minutes before quitting and then having dinner (reheat last night's meal) .... 4 hours later I start to think why I am still hungry, WHOOPS time just flew by!
