Awesome game. I haven't enjoyed a game like this in a long time. Look the story is 1/10 the graphics are 6/10 but the gameplay is 10/10Overall 8/10
I have only played this game for a short time but I can tell I will be jumping on when I just have a few mins to kill and feel like listening to some music.8/10If you can get for $1 its a must buy.
A fun lighthearted game. Reminded me of the old DukeNukem style of game. I was stuck in the first mission thinking if I killed everything they would stop coming and that I would just walk to the objective. Wrong! I am in two minds whether this is a good or bad thing as you get rated at the end of the mission how many kills, how many secrets and how long you take. Well you can keep killing guys and take forever and get a crap score or you can run to the objective not worrying to much about the aliens and get a decent score. Not quite balance in that regard. An ejoyable game. If you can grab for under $5 its a great deal.6.5/10
Great game if you like the MMORPG genre. Excellent graphics (you need a decent pc to appreciate this) the talent tree allows you to actually customise your character to how you like to play! Really enjoyed the game from 1-60. Nice little secrets tucked away in hard to get spots. Generally I just  PVP'd till 60 (max level) and dominated but at 60 they have a pvp grind like no other to get the best gear. So my mate and I quit shortly after hitting 60. 8/10
Really enjoying this car racing game. Awesome graphics and the car handling feels good. Try the demo and get it on sale if you can :)8.5/10
Just started playing this game. I am finding it refreshing. A game to relax and explore.
I am really enjoying Dying Light. The environment is excellent and the player progression feels right. If you like the Far Cry type of game and Zombies this is for you, I am yet to play co op mode which apparently where the game shines. I do feel the combat is a bit sloppy, hit and miss but the game is still enjoyable.8 Zombies out of 10
Great game! Love the story and the ability to make some decisions that have long term effects. I was able to enjoy the game even though it lacked the latest graphics which is a big deal for me. 8.5/10
