Day 1: I am in my 9 million dollar private jet, got drunk and sat down. as I do that, the force of me sitting down causes a massive hole to open in the plane, am I really that heavy? We crash land in the ocean and I swim to a perfecty placed life raft (dont know who put it there, I was the only survivor)Day 2: I woke up in my life raft and paddle out to a island a few meters away. after setting up a small base of operations, I decide to take my raft to another island. I heard a tune play to signal a shark was near by, I saw it! I have been watching gameplays and the only shark type I-'ve seen is bull sharks. I decide to paddle closer, still quite small. Closer, around the size of a bull shark.... But alot darker. Closer, Much bigger than a Bull shark. Clos- HOLLY SH*T! ITS A GREAT WHITE! *paddles at 200Km* (I have a HUGE fear of sharks)Day 3: I decided to stay on my island today after yesterdays event. the whole day was just looting coconuts and cooking live crabs. Then I decided to make a -HELP- sign out of rocks, *makes half the sign* out of rocks... dammit...Day 4: I needed more rocks for my -HELP- sign so I paddled out towards another island. I hear the tune again... Its playing over and over! its like a Ipod with teeth! I look around for where the shark(s) where, and all I see is a group of 6-7 bull sharks migrating towards me, I decide to sit and watch them. then suddenly, one of them gently touches the side of my life boat with its tail and my boat fires across the water and over an island... never to be seen again. I suddenly realized, the only thing under me was water... FmlAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! *makes it back to my island*Day5-8: Been doing nothing but eating crabs and coconuts... I think I-'m going crazy, I saw a sharks fin moving through the sand the other day...Day9-11: I-'m starving, out of food, no way of leaving the island alive, I now sit and watch the sun set over the shark fins circling the island... I am Stranded... Deep
shes a beast, she IS the beast, and not only do you unlock the car named -bumblebee- but you also get more to this, like 30 days VIP and golden tokens! for me, it was Totaly worth $60usd! might not be worth to others, untill they actaully get it!
One of the greatest open world, Massively multiplayer game I have ever played on steam
its great but I think they should add more guns :D
--BURN TOYS! BUUUUUUUUUUUURRRRRRRRRRRNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!--^^^^My very first word when I played it^^^^Its a fantastic way to release your anger with fire on a screen, that way no one gets harmed in the process...it has a nice artistic feel to your surroundings and even if you can only stare into a fireplace and burn thing, its still fun to play! if only they had a little inferno in real life...
if you are into stealth and horror combined, this is the game for you! Interstellar Marines has perfect map layouts and a weak flashlight to make it more terrifying and sound difference between having a mask on or off is alot different. The producers put hard work into this game and they deserve credit for it, I highly recommend this game to everyone!
100% great war experience, saddly not freeroam or the abillity to use vehicles but how fun it is makes up for it. this game is online and great fun, go get it
great game and truly amazing
THIS IS THE GREATEST FREE2PLAY GAME I'VE EVA PLAYED!!! :D
LOVE IT!
