This would have to be one of the best Early Access titles that I purchased. Being a big fan of the original installment, when I heard about the second installment, I was excited. Did this game manage to live up to the excitement? Yes, Definitely! The only -flaw- currently that I have found is the lack of content, BUT! This game is in Early Access and more content will obviously be added. From the (as of 24/04/2015) 4 hours that I spent playing this game, both solo and with friends, I feel like this game has incredible promise.The good:*Visuals - This game-'s visuals are stunning. The graphics have received a very nice upgrade from this game-'s predecessor, without taking away from the style that the first game portrayed.*Performance - This game has very good optimization. I was able to run the game on medium to high on my low end PC and still manage a stable 60fps, with only a few ocassional drops.*Gore - The gore system got a massive overhaul, which just makes it so much more satisfying to blow the heads off of Zeds and watch it literally explode, spraying everything in blood. Each Zed has a huge amount of points of dismemberment, so you can quite literally tear them limb for limb.*UI - The user interface got some heavy tweaking compared to the first game, making everything more sleek and easy to access. The Vendor Pod has a very nice interface as well, with everything laid out infront of you without having to scroll down or across.*Classes - Although only 4 of the classes are available at this point in time, the skills/class perks feel rewarding for the effort you put in. *SDK - The game has been noted to have the SDK and community creations implemented later on in development, which is great, as I found the community creations one of the best parts of the first game.*Humour - That-'s right, the wonderful British banter from the first game makes a comeback, better than ever. I mean who doesn-'t love British people insulting zombies. :P*Dosh - Aww yis, the dosh now has physics! You can literally make piles of money. Grab it while it-'s hot lads!The bad:*Enemy Grapple - This could be considered as nitpicking, but the new way that the Zeds grab you is quite honestly a pain in the ♥♥♥. When encountered with large crowds, it can be quite annoying being spun around every couple of seconds having to bash a zed away, only to be grappled by another one and spun around. I personally preferred the grappling from the first game, where they just slow down your movement, until you can-'t move.*Servers - I-'m giving the game credit with this one, but I-'m just going to list it here for the time being, since I consider it a negative part. (At this point in time). Currently the servers that are available are almost all full, with only a few with much higher latency being available. All of the ones with great ping and empty are privated however. This wouldn-'t be too much of a problem, but as of this point in time, the method for creating a dedicated server for the game is quite tedious. >Also, I-'m not sure if this is a glitch, but 90% of the time, when a game is finished I am often sent back to the main menu screen, even on my friend-'s game<All in all, if you-'re a fan of the original installment, I-'d highly recommend picking this up. If you-'re a bit sceptical about purchasing games that are in Early Access, I-'d probably suggest giving this one a miss until the price drops for a sale, as there currently isn-'t too much content. If you-'ve never played the first game in the franchise, but you-'re interested in Zombie Survival games, such as Left 4 Dead, I recommend giving this game a try. I can definitely see myself sinking more hours into this game as it develops.
