Sorry for this long review, if you dont wont to read, then all the other ine sentence reviews should convince you to get this game. this is pretty much just details on the game itself and my thoughts on them. i dont think i get really specific so if you wanna know more just go to the wiki or the play guide http://store.steampowered.com  Pros (in my opinion, obviously) Most Classic RPG experiance in an MMO that ive had in a while. its its pretty rare these days where you start off as an actual  normal adventurer and get quests from an adventurers guild. these days most mmos are just replica of -you are a chosen one! now go fight evil- sorta thing. The combat system is about the same as the standard good old formula, has som pretty animations for combat as well. The Gear and weapons have a nice aesthetic feeling to them and they get the look of the gear right as well, going from begginners gear to higher level gear, it actually matches what it looks like in comparison to the level. no flashy beginners gear. to bad that there is no costume slots so you can use the image of old gear, but most of them look great to begin with. A great part of the class mechanics is that once you reach lvl15 on your first class, you can choose to pick up any other class and conintue with that, of course starting from level one again. but if you dont want to do this you can always start a new character, since they give a generous amount of character slots per world (at least after the ifrst month of paid sub). The Story is quite typical of a final fantasy game, chocka block full of characters and plot. since i play most games while listening to something,  i usually dont pay much attention to what the npc-'s say and just follow quest obj, but this has probably been one of only 10 or so games that i dont do that. Animations, Graphics and Design of Final Fantasy 14 are quite good, if you look around you realise that every npc, wheteher they be friend or enemy, has a ton of idle animations and animations while being interacted with. for me who uses a pretty low end pc (basically what the minimum it states, maybe a bit lower) its still looks quite beautiful. The Environment and world itself is quite expansive,though it is section off into different regions. For example Thanalan (name of whole region) -> split into North, South East, e.t.c There is thankfully no game breaking pay to win gear. though there is gear that you can by with real money, its aesthetic stuff like mounts and costumes. basically all you can by with real money is -> The game itself + paid DLC ( which so far is only heavensward), the sub needed to play and aesthetic stuff like premium dyes, mounts, nostalgic costumes and little pets that will follow you around.Also if you happen to be a japanophile like me you can hav Jap audio with english sub. just saying, but theres nothing wrong with the english voice actors, they-'re acutally pretty good. Cons i wished that they would add more voices to the cutscenes and general talking to npcs, because so far only important mission cutscenes have voice.maybe no sub fee or a lower one, its pretty heavy on my wallet since i play alot. hahahasometimes around really big updates the launcher freaks out and does a bunch of erros and you-'ll end up redownloading it or searching the internet for an answer.
Flippin Awesome!
