Its a great game, lots of things to do in it. True fun when downloading stuff from the steam work shop. Not much wrong with it, so not much more to write... great game
LYNE is a puzzle game, its release date was 17 Mar, 2014. The publisher and developer of this game is Thomas Bowker. This is an intriguing puzzle game, with actual puzzles, you don't walk around and move objects to opens doors and stuff like other puzzlers, in this one it is like a simulation with nifty graphics. The aim of the game is to connect all objects together, and you can't leave any untouched.The game consists of 26 levels, each letter of the english alphabet is a level. Each level consists of 25 puzzles. All up you will end up completeing 650 different puzzles. But thats not it, there are also daily challanges with can have from 1 to 3 puzzles, some are harder than others. The game may seem easy at first, but as you get to higher level letters it can get rather challanging. As you get to higher levels you will get harder puzzles, this means you will get more variety of different colours, different grey ones requering more numbers, and a bigger amount of shapes. It can get rather challanging at the higher levels.You can finish the game anywhere from 10-15 hours, but of course it all depends on how good you are at this game. The achievments in this game are quite unique, everytime you finish a letter you will get an achievment which is that letter, so you can spell words and stuff on your profile in the achievment tab things, its pretty cool.This game is pretty cool, its challanging, cheap... what more could you want, my final verdict is a 9/10
Killing floor was released in 2005 and was developed and published by Tripwire Interactive. There is also a sequel to this game comming out in 2015, there are also various trailors for Killing floor  but talking about that would be going off topic. I will be talking about alot of the game features and you may not have time to read all of it or you might just not want to, you can skip to the final paragraph to read the final verdict. Killing floor is a zombie wave base survival game. You can play solo, or co-op with up to 6 other players. There are 5 difficulties you can play on - Beginner, Normal, Hard, Suicidal and finally Hell On Earth. There is a large variety of maps to play on, and you can also download many more maps on the steam work shop. There are seven different classes you can play as, as you play the game there are different challanges to do for each perk, which when completed will level up your perk. The highest level you can get a perk to is level 6. At a level 5 and 6 perk, you spawn with a weapon unique to the class you as. For example if you are a berserker you will spawn with an axe, where as if you were level 1-4 you would spawn with what everyone else who is level 1-4 spawns with. Some classes even allow you to spawn with a protective vest at level 5 or 6. The seven classes you can play as are the Field Medic, the Support Specialist, the Sharpshooter, the Commando, the Berserker, the Firebug and Demolitions. All these classes play in different ways.The gameplay is based around surviving waves on enemies, and each wave there are more enemies, and at some higher waves better enemies spawn. After a wave is completed you have a minute to a minute and a half (depending on the dificulty) to get to a trader and buy weapons or ammo. You can change the number of waves from short, medium, long or custom. Short game consists of 4 waves on enemies, and then a fifth wave which is the boss wave. A medium wave has 7 waves of normal enemies, and then an 8th wave which is the boss wave. A long game has 10 rounds of normal enemies and then an 11th wave which is the boss round. After you kill the boss on the final round you will be awarded with an achievment (if it is the first time you have completed that map on every difficulty exept beginner) and even if you are dead you will still get the achievment. The graphics in this game are not the best, but these graphics were good for their time, let me remind you this game was made in 2005. You can alter the graphics with various options from the menu which do improve the looks of this game. There are 10 enemies in this game. You may think they are zombies but they are in fact specimens, they are failed experimental clones. The 10 specimens are called the Clot, Crawler, Gorefast, Stalker, Bloat, Husk, Siren, Scrake, Fleshpound and the boss from the final wave - The Patriach. The clot is the easiest of the enemies but has the ability to grab you (unless you are a high level berserker), this can be bad in close quaters situations or when you are being swarmed. The crawler (as you can imagine it crawls) is a small black thing with multiple legs and its main attack involves it jumping at you, making it a hard target to shoot. The gorefast, is a red enemy who has a blade in one of his hands, if you let him get to close to you, he will rage and run at you super fast and he can do some serious damage. The Stalker is a female enemy who goes stealth and strikes you from behind, if succesful it can do alot of damamge. The bloat, is a big fat green/yellow guy and one of his attacks if vometing, this poisons you and deals you damage over time, not a long time but it can still be dangerous, he also soaks up quite a few bullets but if you get head shots on him and can be a quick kill. The husk has a husk fireball launcher (a weapon the pyro can buy), he shoots at you from far, but he still tries to walk close to you, if he gets close to you, he will use his melee attack and hit you. The siren is a female enemy who walks fairly slowly but get close to her and you wont hear the end of it, her main attack is screaming, this muffles you visition and does you alot of damamge at higher difficuilties, she should definity be one of the first enemies you try to kill if you are kiting. The scrake looks like a butcher with a hockey mask, he has a chainsaw and if you get to close to him, he will go into a rage mode and run really fast, he can be really deadly if you dont stun him. The fleshpound is the hardest and most deadliest enemy not including the final boss. Up to three fleshpounds can come at once which is really bad. Fleshpounds are much like scrakes or gorefasts, if you get to close to ther fleshpound he will go rage, he will go from the colour yellow, to the colour red and he will charge at you really fast, he also has alot of hit points. The final enemy is the Patriach, he is also the boss for the final round (other monsters also spawn on the final round while the patriach is healing). He has many attacks, he can shoot a rocket at you, he can shoot is arm gun at you, he can melee you and he can also go stealth (which he does alot). He will be in stealth alot but if you damamge him with a fire weapon you can see the flames moving around in the shape on him, which indicates to you where he is. He has alot of hit points and the best stratgy to kill him is to be the demolition class and place pipe bombs at the entrancers to doors, but make sure he cant see you are he will shoot and posibily detonate the pipe bombs. Co-op can be played with up to six other players, but if you play on modded servers i have seen one with up to 32 players. If more players join the game more enemies spawn and the enemies get slightly harder, but if you want to win some games and are not a very experienced player, i recomend to look for a server and play co-op to get use to the game. In co-op you can share guns with team mates and share money, by share i mean you drop them and then your team mates pick them up. You can not revive team mates so if you die you will spawn at the end of the round. Weapons are class specific, but you can find weapons scatered around the map along with ammo and if your lucky a vest. The weapons you buy will be cheaper if you are a higher level in the class you are playing as. Some weapons have an alternet shoot. For example if you have a medic gun you can shoot uneing the alternate shoot mode and if you shoot at a team mate you will heal them. Or as a berserker with melee weapons you can stun enemies, for exaple you can stun a husk by using the alternate attack. My final verdict for this game is a 9/10. It has amazing co-op, a deep class/perk system, a wide variety of enemies and guns, so many maps, maps on the steam workshop, the ability to play solo, 5 different dificulties, lots of achievments, a challanging boss (on harder difficulties), collectibles hidden within maps, different skins which you can buy or get from achievments, custom servers. All in all it is a great game and i totally recommend you buy it, or atleest watch a video to see if it peaks your interest :)
Very fun, very cheap... Its pretty good in co-op. Theres a variety of weapons, cheap tradings cards. I'd rate this game a 8/10
As we all know call of duty isnt what it use to be. I personally like the devs at treyarch studioes more then the other because of zombies and better multiplayer. But all in all every call of duty game is the same.This games campaign is much like all the other ones. Get introduced to the bad guy at the start, kill him at the end. Exept in this game is campaign is more dynamic, you can find hidden weapons, or boxes with mortars, swords, galvack nuckles, and other things. Multiplayer is pretty good in this game, not too many hackers (PS3), a unessararilly large variety of gun cammos, and a new cammo, diamond, it looks pretty cool. The maps are good, the DLC are good, not too much to argue.Zombies, is different. There are buildables, bigger easter eggs, and better DLC maps. My favourite map was alcatraz, there is so much easter eggs and hidden stuff.This game was made to be played with friends, but with the call of duty games, as far as im concered every cod since 04 could have been DLC. This game is one of the better call of duty games though.In conclussion... Good Game :O
I must admit, i bought this game and played it i had the mindset of, oh its one achievment easy 100%. Half an hour into the game i knew that was the wrong attitude. This game is awesome, it is sad, it is funny. It is a puzzle/RPG styled game, you spend alot of the game walking around, and collecting stuff and solving the puzzle.You are two doctors, who are going into the head of an old man named Johnny, to try and find his memories. You really have to read the dialogue the get the full effect. It is really sad once you get to the end, sad in a good happy way though. There are funny instances like a haduken thing. There is also a pretend pokemon battle where you attack a squirel, but then the child stops you.This is an awesome game, has a great story. The only thing i could fault it on is that it is a small game, but i would prefer quality over quantity any day, this is one of my favourite games of all time. My final verdict is a 9.5/10.
Banished is a city building game. In this game you build buildings, assign people to jobs, and expand your civilisation. The game features three difficulties - easy, medium and hard and there are two different landscapes. Before you start a game you can pick or get a randomised seed, a seed in sence is a map seed. The steam workshop is also in this game so you can easily download a large variety of mods by memebers of the steam community.The game starts with a certan amount of banished town folk, a storage barn, and some supplies (amount of these things depend on difficulty).  You must then try to expand/maintain your people so they do not die (which is rather hard). There is not really much variety/progression in buildings except from wooden and stone houses.  In order to survive longer you must build more job specific buildings, and assign laborers jobs there to make the items made there. Unfourtanity in this game the AI of the citizens can be sometimes abit silly, only on rare occations but it is still annoying. Sometimes people just idle and do nothing even though they are assigned to a certan job, or in other cases they are doing anoter job on the other side of the map. This game is hard.... regardless of difficulty, everything is out to get you. There are diseases, natural disasters, fires, and the worst thing of all... food shortages. If you run out of food you are screwed, all your people will starve, and then all that is left will be an empty village. Tornadoes can come and just wiz through your village and just destroy everything. But i must admit, after the first few games, its the same thing over and over (unless you get mods - i recomend you do). You always end up using the same stratagy because it is the best in your opinion. And there is no progression which also makes it rather dull.This game is not bad, but it is not great, its right around the slightly above the middle. My final verdict is a 7/10
Amazing must get
Amazing game, nice sandbox and fun just mucking around - would do it all day 9.5/10
