What are these people talking about, I don't understand!There is not ONE massive problem I found in No Man's Sky and I had no lag spikes AT ALL in my whole entire playthrough.These people who whine about the game being laggy and all must have Windows 3.1 with a graphics card of a calculator and RAM of a potato! Jokes aside they are most likely blind and are way below the system specs to play this fantastic masterpiece of a game.And so what if Sean Murray lied? Subnautica has higher ratings and that's not even as big as No Man's Sky. And Subnautica has almost the same graphics as NMS so what's your problem?! Sure, multiplayer may or may not be implented because of ONE INCIDENT. But even if Sean Murray lied about that just accept the way NMS is! Not as many Subnautica features were lied about but even if they were, what difference would it make? The same's with NMS. Subnautica doesn't have Multiplayer, and so what? NMS doesn't either! Review No Man's Sky is actually a very fun game to play. Watching it is boring as hell, though. I immediately got hooked into the game as soon as I started playing. Unfortunately this game isn't for everyone. There's little variety in the genre and it really sticks to one thing; Exploration. If you can't stand exploring planets on foot and seeing different terrains, this game isn't for you.Also you can't build in No Man's Sky, just pointing that out.Now here's the good bit. On every planet you go to, all the animals' voices are different, they look different, EVERYTHING. IS. DIFFERENT. No joke, even the plants! On every planet! Imagine that, a game with everything completely unique to the last planet you visited. Nifty eh?Now no game is perfect and the same's with this game. Obviously this is indie so I won't be too harsh. Pros • Endless, unique gameplay.• Two different endings: Galactic Core and Atlas Path.• Every single creature is never the same from the last ones you saw on a different planet.• Ship varieties. (I often wait around at space stations waiting for an epic looking one)• Awesome soundtrack that plays throughout your gameplay.• 3 different races you can trade with, all with unique voices.• Massive exploration on either barren, rocky planets to lush planets filled with trees and life. Cons • Eventually gets a tiny bit repetitive.• To save, you must find a shelter. You can't just save anywhere.• Hard to find a good ship with lots of slots• Hard to get better Hyperdrives to travel to better systems (from worst to best, Yellow, Red, Green,      Blue)• Slow start. (except for people who preordered the game, you are fine.)Overall I think the game is great, and if you like exploring planets then the game is for you. Buy it while you can
