Borderlands 2 is the sequel to the 2009 game Borderlands, it continues the story of another vault opening in pandora and more vault hunters trying to retrieve its goods. You play as either an assassin, a siren, a gunzerker, or a commando, unless you are willing to pay more to unlock the mechromancer and psycho. Borderlands 2 has guns, a lot of guns. There are literally (almost) infinite types of different guns; the game uses a complex algorithm to produce many different guns, inserting different prefixes and stats each time. This game is well designed with stunning comic book style graphics. I would definitely recommend this to anyone fond of the action-adventure fps sub-genre. 92/100
This mod/game will require many of valve's games for a good experience. In saying that, there are many things you can still do without many valve games. The lack of objectives (apart from achievements) makes this game a unoque sandbox. Schnazzy
Need I say more?
Portal 2 is an extremely enjoyable game using an interesting setting, fun mechanics, fantastic level design and witty writing to convey an unforgettable experience. My only complaint is that the puzzles only really start getting difficult towards the end of the game but other than that, I would very highly recommend this amazing game.
Terraria is an indie game similar to minecraft but a lot larger and complex. Terraria is set in a 2 dimensional world with many creatures that want to kill you. The only real objective in this game is to survive; you start with some basic tools and a guide but the rest is up to you. Terraria uses a retro pixelated look that gives the game that simple feel. There are many weapons and potions you will encounter to assist you on you journey, and with the prefix system, this creates a huge variety in the weapons. Terraria has a multiplayer option. Setting up a multiplayer server is an unreasonably lengthy process, of installing the server.exe and hamachi, making sure everyone is on the hamachi network etc. Terraria is a great survival game with a lot of playtime and content. 86/100
