While the DRM for this game is, well, to put it bluntly, flip your grandma's ancient table irritating, once you sort that abomination of a Steam rip-off, Uplay, you will have one of the best city-building experiences to date.That is til' Anno 2205 comes out and (hopefully) blows this out of the water C:
Brilliant! Nothing like it so far.
One of the greatest RTS's of all time. The campaign is alright, but the gameplay is one to be remembered.
Awesome 2D game made by 1 guy over the course of 3 YEARS! show him support by BUYING THIS EPIIC GAME!
its an awesome game but stardock is the most annoying thing to deal with in this so... if ya can figure it out (like i did) i can recommend it :D
One of the best WW2 RTS games you can get. If you liked Company of Heroes, then this game is a definate grab. It may seem similar in ways, but it has so many new things to do, new mods to try, new.. practically everything. DLC is pretty cheep and the game all around is cheep, so if you got ten bucks in yo Steam, grab it now.
It's neat, I guess. If you need motivation, imagine you are an avid gamer, and some guy is trying to take away your games. Enough motivation already, ya? How about he also tried taking away your prized teddy bear. Terraria, after 15 hours with a friend, will become that teddy bear.Good? Good.
War Thunder is a FTP game about planes. And tanks. Along those lines. There are five tiers, with a TON of planes/tanks. (you can switch between tanks and planes well enough). The community... Uh. If you LOATH weird communites, this is my advise to you. WTF AVOID! Otherwise, WTF AMAZING! +Solid gameplay, easy to understand, IMPOSSIBRU to master.+With the edition of tanks, this game is even better. Even if the physics haven't quite caught up yet. +Quite a pretty game. +TONS of costomization. Like, paint jobs, paint jobs, and paint jobs!-You can get quite far quite quickly if you have 150 USD lying around the house, asking, no, BEGGING to be used.-It is a royal pain in the ♥♥♥ to update.IGN 8/10. *I'm not with IGN.* (Has a Tee-shirt that says, *Not with IGN*)
This is a change from my original review. This game is EHHH but not WOO HOO AMAZING! This game is Terraria with space ships and a interesting graphics. This game was fun for me when I first picked it up, but quickly lost its charm. I got diamond pickaxe and a giant fortress in the 8 hours I have played. That may be slower then, say MC or something, but it still.GRAPHICSIt's a really interesting graphical build. I've never seen a game look the way this does. I really kinda like it, but just because a game looks good, doesn't mean it's a good game. I like the graphics, SUE ME!GAMEPLAYEHHHH... EHH... MEHH.... Not TERRIBLY good. I quickly blasted right through it. I got Diamond 3 hours in. That's faster then I can find Diamond in MC. And I know EXACTLY where to find 'em. The gameplay is mostly a Hack & Slash type game with a crafting system and building. The building is odd with that you always use four blocks instead of just one. The grid system in play here is so large, this four block per place is completely needed to play the game. Unlike Terraria, where the grid is only one block per block system. Which I prefer, in my opinion. If you KINDA SORTA A LITTLE BIT like the idea, wait until it's in a major sale. MULTIPLAYERIt's there. There are very cool servers on here. Pretty cool, but it still doesn't excuse the crap singleplayer experience. If you are gunna get this game, do two things. One, buy it on a sale. Two, get a friend to play it with. Oh, and Skype. Or Teamspeak. Or use the crap Steam voice chat. I don't know how to make a server, Google that. All in all, I give this a 3 out of 10. In normal terms, that's a major MEEEEHHH. You really have to be in the mood to play this game, or just love this type of game.
