Obviously Doom creators made this, this game its own style it was aiming for and for 2011 release, it a really good game. Fun, funny and carnage :)
Continued the simple 1 way only line and finish, which i hate in games. Nothing is left to the player. It was too easy, even on expert. Maps are very linear.Graphics are ok for cry engine 3. they went weak on tesserlation, ( I do understand that crysis 2 had a patch for their tesserlation to become better so ill let that slide)There are not many good sniper games, and yet this is good, its too easy, basic and overall not fun. It reminds me of Call of Duty, leaves nothing of fun, just a set path and even not being able to move beenoculus freely, they were even controlledfor me. Thats unfortunatly the end of this series. not that the first one was a great game but i remember having more fun and being more challenged from it than this one. PLEASE if you do another game, which you have, change the direction of gameplay.
Besides the poor car physics, this game flowed the direction of GTA wonderfully. It embraced the culture as the first ever real sandbox game, leaping graphics, gameplay and an overall great game which has now lead to a fantastic franchise. I have now finished it about 10x and tho its old, its still alot of fun. Yes GTA has now fixed the kinks but damn this game really was high qulity and espechially for its time & thats why i rate it as the best GTA ever.
Worth A play again even tho it may not be on Dos, this game set benchmarks and potential. Always fun finding all the secrets and treasure. Did wish there were achievements for this.
I heard the best review from this game talking in relation to todays economics and religion, but have to say childhood and forever favourite game. If you have read this review, most likely you have played it if you are born 95- so yes its for everyone and educational :)
Puzzle horror games always beat with story line. This game MUST be played at night with low lighting to create better scary atmosphere. The game gets less scary as you understand how to kill the dogs and spiders. Its a game that kempt me on my wits with parts tobe slow and stelthy and some that require a good, -arh,,, run!-One game i will not forget anytime soon.
This brought the series even further into Rapture & a fresh new look into Columbia. Wouldn't expect nothing far from advancing the industry, setting bechmarks & challenging how games should evolve with their stories.I recomend Ep1 & 2 to hit home this story line but truthfully, I am not looking as forward with the next instalments as they have now changed studio ownership.
