Grappling hooks.Explosions.Fast cars.These are the three reasons you should buy Just Casue 2.200/10
Well, where do I begin with you, Rust. You are one of the best games I have played in the last few months, Rust is honestly one of the most fun survival games on the market.You spawn somewhere random on the map, with a rock, torch and a couple of bandages... Completely naked. This game is soooo much more fun with a friend as you can make a big house like I did. Although it has it's many bugs it is still easily worth the $20. This is what you buy into:-Naked men-Houses-Guns-Wolves-AND MUCH MORE!So, what are you waiting for? Get this game right now.10/10
Send help
I broke my legs from falling off a ladder... So I drank an entire bottle of disinfectant spray... I survived... 11/10!!!
keyboard/10would struggle again! -IGN
-Each character in watch_dogs is completely unique and they react differently in all situations-... This is what was promised, what we got were a city of dead people who walk around. I shot at a woman for about 10 seconds, she just ran around in circles  screaming xD... -In watch_dogs we have designed a new graphics engine that emphisises this is a living, breathing city.- What we got was terrible frame-rate and pop-ins... Good job Ubisoft... Good F****** job. 11/10 DO NOT BUY!
Firstly before I get any hate, I KNOW this game is in early access. But, the game so far is very laggy. Loot barely spawns, and when you do find something decent you will probably be shot by another player in one of the taller buildings or you will be killed by the TELEPORTING nethers. I honestly wanted this game to be good, the concept is cool, the monsters are scary but the developers didn't quite pull it off. What you are paying into is:-A pay-to-win style game-A lagfest-Scenery that looks like it was made by a five year-oldAt the moment I can't recommend this game. It is fun to play with a friend for a couple of hours, but it gets very boring after a while. Save up another $5-$10 and buy a game which is more stable and fun like DayZ or Rust.3/10
I think that everyone should have this game, the story is amazing and additctive!
Ruins friendships.
Hot garbage.
