I played Fallout after 3 and NV, and although it had it's bugs, it was fun. However, none of the Fallout games can compareto the masterpiece that is Fallout 2. If you haven't played this game, buy it. Now.
An excellent game in its own right. Valves first masterpiece which inspired the sequels (HL2, Ep 1 & 2) and countless mods throughout the series, such as the acclaimed Team Fortress 2 and Portal.The player starts of as a researcher in Black Mesa running late to work. After the Gordon Freeman, the character the player controls, reaches the test he is supposed to participate in he is immediately put to work. This has cataclysmic consequences, and Gordon Freeman is then forced to defend Black Mesa from an alien invasion and, eventually, the military, all the while being followed by the mysterious G-man.In terms of gameplay, Half-Life is very simple. You have health and suit power, a variety of guns and hopeully some aim. Starting with a crowbar and ending with a laser, you will shoot your way through Black Mesa, solving simple puzzles and navigating sometimes complex coridoors.The plot is simple yet effective, as is the gameplay. Overall, a very satisfying game, and worth checking out regardless of reviews, due to its impact.
Firstly, I'd like to say that this game is very far up on my favourite games of all time, alongside games of completely different genres such as Fallout 2.The setting for Portal is unclear immediately, but you quickly become aware of the fact that you are a test subject for Aperture Labs, whcih cements its place in the Half-Life universe. Guided by an omnipresent voice, you make your way through the different chambers of increasingly difficult tests.Although this synopsis may make this game seem somewhat shallow, it most certainly is not. The main character, Chell, although mute, develops a personality regardless. An attachment is created with this voice guiding you. And, most cryptically, is the hidden areas in the chambers. These give background into Aperture Laboratories, the 'voice', and possibly the sole survivor.When compared to Portal 2, Portal does have some significant flaws. This include a lack of characters and personality which, although there, isn't built upon until later in the game. There aren't as many testing mechanics in the original, but this leads to much more creative test designes, requiring ingenuity over resources.Overall, this game is amazing, and you will fell dissapointed upon its completion. Portal 2 builds upon the first, and is a must after this is completed.
Best game ever made, hands down. Only thing that comes close is the original Portal.
Half-Life 2: Episode One is the first of the two episodes that take place after the end of Half-Life 2.After an ending oddly reminiscent of the first game, we are once again left on a cliffhanger after the events of Half-Life 2. This game is the continuation of Half-Life 2, and once again we take control of Gordon Freeman on his unstoppable killing spree.While Episode One is very short in comparison to Half-Life 2, it still holds the same level of quality in terms of gameplay. The same characters are there, and a few new enemies and mechanics are introduced. None of this is exactly game-changing, yet it does keep it fresh. The story lacks a little, which is mainly due to the lenght of the game.There isn't much to say for Episode One that hasn't already been said for Half-Life 2. While it is fun to fight alongside Alyx, it doesn't quite make up for the length of it. If purchased through the Orange Box, it isn't much of a problem.Overall, definitely worth playing, but only as part of the series, and not on its own.
The sequel to the critically acclaimed Half-Life, Half-Life 2 breathes new life into the series.After the cliffhanger of the original Half-Life, Gordon Freeman is once again thrust into an alien invasion. This time, however, the invaders have effectively taken control of every resource and major population center on Earth. The prowess of the invaders is staggering, at least until Freeman manages to obtain another crowbar. After meeting with some old allies,  a terrible mistake exposes Freeman to the dictatorship in control of Earth, which leads to the mobilisation of all available units with the sole purpose of destroying Freeman.Without giving too much away, mayhem awaits.The plot of Half-Life 2 really is quite impressive, especially when considering that Half-Life had only a simple story. Half-Life 2 branches off from the original in an impressive manner, showing off the impressive writing talents of the Valve team. The plot is discovered through typical Half-Life fashion: your surroundings. While it's no Dark Souls in terms of plot, it doesn't obviously point out all the plot points, nor does it pause your game to tell you insignificant amounts of information.Gameplay in Half-Life 2 is similar to the original, except with a new arsenal and significantly larger environment. While restrained to the Black Mesa facility in Half-Life, Freeman is free to explore the world in the much largr sequel. This leads to more epic fights, environments and strategies.The new space is well utilised in most cases. Helicopters must be shot down, yet can do significant damage to any areas where you may hide. The Combine will attempt to ambush you whenever possible, which leads to surprises.The enemies and environment are impressive. The environment depicts what happens to Earth after being completely dominated by atechnologically superior force, and the aliens fit into areas apropriate for them, such asthe Antlions whom live under sand in beaches.Overall, I would say that Half-Life 2 builds on the original game in every way, yet it does not replace it. It creates an amazing world and great cast of characters that you will feel attached to, even the silent protagonist Gordon Freeman and the seemingly omnipotent G-man. I highly recommend this game, for its story, gameplay, characters and everything else that makes it amazing.
While I would recommend this game for someone who just wishes to play Magic in their free time, I wouldn't recommend it to someone who plays it outside of this.The pros of this game are the easy rulings and pre-built, satisfying decks. The 'story' made in order to hold the different parts of the game together is enough to do just that; hold the different parts together, nothing more.'The cons of this game are the limits set for you. While you can unlock new cards and decks, you can't create your own or even edit one greatly. While cheaper than the actual TCG, it is far less enjoyable.All in all, this game is decent and worth playing if on sale, but if you enjoy Magic: The Gathering, you are much better off playing the actual TCG.
A fun, open-world sandbox game. Essentially, a 2-D Minecraft with more stuff and some new gameplay aspects. It can be quite limited at times, and there's no deep story-line (which you wouldn't expect from sandbox game), although the Corruption and Hollow and some nice competition.The game is generally fun, and more focused on exploration and combat than anyhting else, but is fun nontheless. If you're playing alone, it's pretty good game. If you're playing with friends, brilliant game.8/10
Goats11/10
Sanctum is a competent tower defence game combined with a fun FPS aspect. This combination, although it may sound strange, works like a charm. There is nothing more satisfying in this game than setting up an impressive defense which obliterates all foes, and destroying anything left with a huge plast from your Rex.An arsenal of weapons and tower choices makes this game diverse, and even more fun to play with friends to gt the best combination possible.A very solid game, and an excellent multiplayer experience make this a joy to play.
