I sank nearly 50 hours into this shambling mess of a game that had potential to be fun and interesting.I even tactily believed a team of 4 people could handle developing the game, because the reputation of Double Fine and the People on the team backed up by a firm development timeline, making good but not exceptional progress.Since my purchase in Alpha 4, a handful of small changes have made it seem to be a good overall investment and a likely turnaround. I even helped other people on the steam forums and DF forums.And yet, i was hesitant recommending DF9, because Early Access isn't the same as buying a released game, it's not even kickstarter, you can't get a refund or the money back if it fails, you have to accept a shining pile of ♥♥♥♥ and hope the developer has the stomach to make it better over time when you buy a game through Early Access, That's the primary condition Steam sets for you. That all changed on the 19th September, 2014 when they abandoned the game, saying there was no more money in development. If you're going to get this game, wait for a humble bundle and pay $2, that's a little high for what it's worth, definitely  not the $30 i paid to test out a failed experiment.♥♥♥♥ you Tim Schafer. ♥♥♥♥ you.
there's something about empire building where you largely make a handful of easy decisions,don't do a lot, and it all comes to explode in terror and misery when you finally meet another person doing pretty much the same thing. While that describes pretty much any PvP encounter, Civ 5 makes the process take dozens of  hours, and seem like minutes have passed -- while you scout terrain, check farms, build culture, try to invade neighbour cities, handle revolts, build more farms, expand territory using culture, build more farms, scout new areas, build more farms, expand roads, build more farms, you get the idea.at least there's automation to help you out, but the game is all about micromanagement and expanding, to the detriment of your sanity or sleep patterns. it's addictive, fun in a way you can only imagine is bad for you, and in a way, it's something you could play forever, if only the world was large enough to do so, and your enemies weren't also trying to cut you off and invade your territories at the same time as you're trying to move 5-14 soldiers quietly into the neighbourhood without them noticing.Definitely more fun in a multiplayer setting, but really unlikely that you'd get 3 other people wanting to spend 5 hours on diplomancy or culture-appreciation, when there's just the option to build up a military after 2-3 hours and take on all sides and call it victory when the connection breaks and the game crashes.
Just buy it.
For MMO converts who devote themselves, or hate WoW, RIFT is a fun experience, that captures the soul of Warhammer online, and blends in a lot of the features and conventions of the MMO genre over the last 10 years. it's not a revolutionary MMO, and it doesn't need to be. It's just fun and stays funArt styles jump from steampunk, to gothic/mystical/fantasy, Lore is redundant 98% of the time, Art, Levelling, Weapons, Skills, Quests, NPCs, Lore, are still very reminiscent of MMOs like AION, Everquest 2, Warhammer Online, Guild Wars, Tabula Rasa, Vanguard, etc. and even Oblivion.While RIFT doesn't push itself into being better, it does take the best features of successful and failed MMOs and RPGs, which is important. I do have doubts about the endgame for those long-term subscribers, but the content is easily expandable, and they do a good job of involving groups, guilds and nearby strangers into the instanced RIFT events in early and later levels.Definitely worth a try
Bioware always makes fantastic RPGs, ME2's universe is not as large as the first game, but it still compels you even on the 2nd playthrough with an exceptional good/evil dialog choice and cinematic roleplaying. FPS combat can be overwhelming or childishly simple depending on your abilities/gear/class choices, but it  just makes you want to keep playing until you have all the upgrades & gained loyalty/romance with your crew, etc. The DLC can be hit and miss, ie firewalker & overlord vs. kasumi and shdow broker, but it mostly adds real variety to what would end up being a clunky FP-RPG like fallout or borderlands
