Having played Insurgency many years ago as a Source mod (back in 2007!!!), I was curious to see if it had evolved to the point of being a game worth buying in it's own right - and I wasn't let down.Insurgency plays as a cross between the arcadey, high action flow of Counterstrike and the unforgiving brutality Red Orchestra 2. You essentially are given varying objectives to accomplish and  a modest set of weapon and loadout options to choose from - which is handy, because if you are bad at FPS games you will be using the majority of your time in spectator, playing around with it. Bullets from high-powered rifles tend to one-hit-kill you if they manage to bypass whatever kevlar you have equipped and you will feel very, very vulnerable when moving between buildings.Playing this game is the first time in a while I've actually been grinning playing an FPS for many, many years. The lethality of the firearms makes moving from point to point tense, your decisions matter and your reaction times are crucial.Notably, it doesn't suffer the superfluous unlocking and premium mechanics of the Battlefields of the day, your killstreaks don't earn you an attack-dog airstrike, which brings me to my next point:Everyone, EVERYONE is on an even keel, and it's all down to how well you play. Or how badly you play, as when you die you will be spectating your comrades playing and teasing the ♥♥♥♥ out of them in group chat, or using the spare time to tweak your loadout to better match the pace of the combat.I'm happy to say that this is well worth the small price - buy the four-pack, give them to your buddies and pretend it's 2002 at a Counterstrike LAN.EDIT: Almost forgot. It has COOP play too!8/10+ Solid, no frills FPS action+ Brutal combat, tense and frantic gameplay+ COOP reminds me of Vietcong 2, good fun- Source graphics nothing to write home about (but who cares)- Do not get this if dying frustrates you
Woke up on a beach, found a pipe wrench and was immediately surrounded and handcuffed by armed men so they could milk me for blood. 10/10
I came into this game with high hopes; expecting something akin to Red Orchestra on the scale of WW2 Online, I was pumped!What I instead found was an arcadey game of bunny-hopping germans that could be used as a literal definition for -pay to win-; all bought guns are straight upgrades and there is no standard way to engage hostile armour without playing 10-20 matches, meaning sometimes you will come up against a team with top gear and you have no way to counter. The monetisation is constantly in your face, asking for around $10-$20USD per critical unlock; it-'s madness!Pros: - Almost a homage to WW2: OnlineCons:- Graphics look over a decade old- Character animation and control is abysmal- Horrendous monetisation- Controls are awful (transitioning stance, bunny hopping etc)Do NOT play this game.
The game is currently lacking in an endgame, which is generally expected from early access.Drag + drop mechanics for cooking, water purification etc is very clunky at best, magnetic/sticky points in fireplaces might help this issue.Injuries can sometimes mean a long and painful end to the game as medical supplies are nearly impossible to find whilst injured. Losing your oar or lighter is also a quick way to a painful death, as replacements are uncommon and there is no craftable option.This game has some promise, but larger islands and some mechanics fine-tuning are required to make it enjoyable past the first few hours.I recommend holding off on purchase of this game until the developers have fleshed out the game a bit more. $20 is  quite steep for what is available in the early release at this stage.
Each decision you make will affect your survival. Burning too much firewood at a bad time can leave you freezing and dying of thirst. Deciding to go for that extra hike to an unexplored hut could get you trapped by bad weather with no supplies. This game punishes you for being risky and for being risk-averse.This is a fantastic game and my #1 go-to when the weather is bad and the internet is out. Lovely game, beautiful, rugged landscapes and the deadliest enemy is the freezing winter.+ Atmosphere+ Ruthless (starting a game during a blizzard at 7pm)- Would like story content- No way to plot a map in-game, have yet to see a compass or watch as an item (maybe the geomagnetic storm would render it useless?)4.5/5
This game is a true successor to PleasingFungus' flash game Manufactoria. It has all the pleasing problem solving of Zachtronic's previous big success SpaceChem with the delightfully accessible cubic layout Minecraft has etched into the current young generation.I can see this as a fantastic gateway into Engineering Studies for highschool kids as it challenges them to consider timing and design for manufacture.Absolutely recommend this game to anyone with a keen mind for solving problems.PS: game absolutely has a sense of humor!
This is the best, most rewarding game you will ever play. Think of it as Lego meets Apollo 13
Truly delightful
WHY HAVE YOU NOT BOUGHT THIS YET?!?!?!
More fun than you can poke a $1.99 hat-on-a-stick at
