This game is great . The mod for this game was great . Its one awesome game i only have 77 hours on it so far . But it is a game that you buy and you never stop playing its sooo much fun with friends. I would have done a larger review but that sound boring  :P lol so im giving it10/10 for being in my top 4 best games.
I first played dota 2 in 2013 when a friend gave it to me. At first i didnot like it that much and thought it was quiet boring ( i also had no idea how to play) BUT in may 2015 i started giving it a second chance. I now LOVE IT dota 2 is so much fun with friends and very competieve and has a lot of characters to choose from with there own unique characteristics i think dota can a quite mean and abusive community at times but if u just ignore them your will have lots of fun i now have got the hang of the game now and play it all the time :) i give this                                                                                       10/10
ok ... before we start......IM F*CKING ADDICTED TO THIS. Five Night At Freddys 2 i so much fun. The jumpscares , the level of thought put into the game and the atmosphere. Im on night 5 on pc and night 6 on android so much fun 10/10
EPICNESS , SEXYNESS , AWESOMENESS , BADASSNESS :d::d:d::d: 10/10
good
this game i awesome 10/10
This game kicks grand theft autos ♥♥♥ by a milllon. Saints row The third is by far the most funnist game i have ever played it brings you funny missoins and weapons . i have completed this game it is great gta can burn in hell because i love this game and it is one of THE BEST GAMES I HAVE EVERPLAYED and i think this game is a game you need to play before you die so i will give it 10/10 ITS GREAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
gone...... home .... *sigh* theres many things i could say about this . i had 5 bucks to spare and i bought this i thought this game was gona be a puzzle game with a nice artform and kinda spooky well NOPE instead i got a lesbian love story ...... now dont get me wrong there is nothing wrong with being gay , also the fact that in the steam descriptoin of the game its say -Something-'s not right. Where is everyone? And what-'s happened here? Unravel the mystery for yourself in Gone Home- in the game YOU ONLY FOCASS ON YOUR SISTER! .the puzzle are all easy , im giving this a 2/10
i just finnished playing this game and i LOVED IT this is the BEST story in a game ive seen I HOPE THERE IS A season 2 anyways 10/10
