PSA: Overkill's Crimefest updates have added Pay2Win microtransaction weapon skins with STAT BOOSTS, that are a straight copy of CS:GO/TF2/H1Z1 weapon cases, down to rarity/wear/MUH SUPER RARE LEGENDARY KNIFE OMG. This update also ruined weapon balance, as pistols are now the most powerful weapons, even moreso than shotguns.Overkill has made poor attempts to make right their decision of copy/paste microtransaction systems by adding drills(keys) as droppable. However the droprate is ridiculously low and shares a weekly timer with the safes(crates). The Crimefest updates were meant to be free for the whole community, and long ago promised they'd never put in microtransactions, but now, if you want the best possible experience of this game you have to:A. Buy the gameB. Buy the DLCC. Play for several weeks and hope to get crates and/or drillsD. Give in and buy the drills and safes to get a random weapon skin that may not even be the one you need so that you can have the full stats.If people continue to accept this kind of behaviour, it'll never stop, and become the norm. Do not accept this as something that's fine to do, even IF they made drills droppable. Nobody knows what the droprate for them is, and it appears that having a higher infamous droprate does not in fact affect the chance for dropping Safes/Drills.As a result, Payday 2 has become an extremely greedy game that you need to dump a lot of money into to have the full experience, and cannot be recommended.I will modify this review if these changes are ever removed or altered enough to become reasonable again.
Looks beautiful, sounds good, plays awful. Unchallenging and boring, not to mention buggy. Also, the UI is an absolute mess.Only worth it for the cards. And maybe the music, but you can get that elsewhere anyway.
With all the expansions, CIV V is most likely the best entry level 4X game you could ever play. If you haven't played a 4X game before, this is most definitely worth a try.
Great looking Free2Play shooter that doesn't do pay2win and actually has mostly reasonable prices for stuff in the store, and is fun to play in general.
A great little tactics game with an awesome soundtrack and great gameplay.Graphics♥♥♥♥ hate it though.
Beat Hazard, the most BOSS game of all time, of all time!Seriously though, it's a nice timekill. And probably loads of fun if you're high on crystal meth.Pros: MASSIVE EPILEPSY FRIENDLY VISUALSCons: May have fatal consequences on people suffering from epilepsy.It's basically Audiosurf+Touhou+FIREWORKS.♥♥♥♥ YEAH.
