Now lets all agree, most god games are incredibly time consuming and boring.That is why Godus is being described as the GOD GAME REBORN! They have completely redesigned the god game to a point where it is a crucial addition to any wishlist or Steam library! You get to raise a empire in a sculptable, massively multiplayer world and build monuments, collect belive and go to war with your friends! And best of all, clicking on rocks and trees to destroy them and clear land is SERIOUSLY ADDICTING!
Im shocked to notice that this game is not in everyones steam library! This game is seriously underestimated and unpurchased! In Insanely Twisted Shadow Planet you contol a sopisticated little spaceship in a contrased, sidescrolling planet that has been invaded and intoxicated by shadow to a point where the flora, fauna and the planet itself can potentually harm you. It is your mission to rid the planet of this invading shadow using collectable and upgradeable gadets such as a claw, pulse gun, laser, drill and many more! With engaging action, shooting, puzzling, sidescrolling and strategic gameplay as well as a hord or randomly generated co-op missions I would certainly recommend this game to every type of gamer on Steam!
This is not your average shooter, with an advanced story line, four player co-op and a bazzilion weapons, Boarderlands 2 will have you coming back for more!
BURNING THINGS! THEY'VE MADE WHAT WHERE ALL THINKING!!- A Quote From GLaDOS
Unexpectedly fantastic! Gives you way more than you expect! I'd recommend this for owners of insanley twisted shadow planet!
if you liked portal or Portal 2 then you'll love this! (not to mention it was designed the same person)
Once again, i find myself encountering a game that people refuse to buy for some reason (such as my friends, wont even hear me out on it!).You play a Zero , a mysterious alien brought to a underwater science facility. Under a innocent facade, you are underestimated, until you regain your abilites...now reap your revenge in an effort to escape this evil place.Your ability? Easy, WARP. With this you can teleport a short distance in front of you, through walls, blockades and into barrels...and people.As you move through the facility, is becomes clear that stealth is vital and that you must uses your brains to solve reacurring and puzzling traps as you try to escape the clutches of the scientists.And now things get serious, as your abilites grow with (spoiler alert)  echo (a projectable ghost image of yourself), Swap (use your echo to swap places with a distant object) and Launch (shoot objects your hiding in at a violent force).And then there's Frag, the ability to explode things while your inside them, such as barrels, power supplies and...people , yes it can get a bit violent and in cold blood too, however, the scientist do talk like jerks...With impressive graphics and a rare, third-person, open roofed take on gameplay, WARP packs quite a memorable punch and will have you unable to put it down until you have all those little, slippery, impossible to catch- why-would-you-put-food-there- grubs...(one day, one day i will have all of them and purchase all the extra abilities, oh yes i will...) (for more great but surprisingly unknown games, cheak out Insanely Twisted Shadow Planet)
