My town all died out because of one young child who didn't die or age kept stealing the towns potatoes and firewood. This demon child lived for 10 years on their own before their life was claimed by a tornado.Also 12 and 30 years olds will come together and have babies.10/10 most stressful game of the year
Destroyed a whole server as a ghost to get revenge for my murder at the hands of strangers because I wouldn't give them any poop.10/10 would haunt again
Shipwrecked is by far my favourite addition to Don't Starve yet.I was happy with RoG, but still wished it provided something that felt newer and fresher, Shipwrecked gives that. It's an entirely new experience, but still has the feel of the Don't Starve we know and love. There are so many new things to discover, it captures that feeling from when you first played Don't Starve, you're cold, hungry, afraid, and loving every minute of it.How Klei have adapted the base game for tropic based survival is ingenious, with tides, monsoons, tornadoes, a whole host of new foods and monsters, new weapons and inventive and aesthetically pleasing islands and biomes, all in the Tim Burton-esque style that captured our eyes in the base game.10/10 would surf away from a tigershark again
Fufill your life long dream- driving a truck around Europe completely broke, and breaking every driving law ever, mainly because you keep getting distracted by the scenery.Also you can put in your own music into the game to listen on your trucks radio10/10 would go on driving rampage with smooth jazz playing again
The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is the pinnacle of the Elder Scrolls franchise, although it has a few bugs, it has many quests, features and a vast modding community to keep you entertained!
This game is hands down the best survival sim that I've played yet - and it's only in early access.This game is brutal. There are no second chances. You'll have way to many near-death experiences to count. I've played through it three times so far. First, I froze to death in the night, second, I fell off a cliff after getting hopelessly lost in a blizzard.Third time. I was living in a hut that provided a decent amount of food and fuel. I wanting to set snares for rabbits, so I travelled north to a little shack, set my snares and settled down in the shack for a little bit. Blizzard came, so I decided to stay in the hut for a bit longer, when I checked the snare, it was completely destroyed by the storm, it was too late to head back home, so I stayed in the hut for another, well aware that I was out of tinder and running out of food. Next morning, I start sprinting home and soon a wolf starts chasing me. Weaponless as I was, I high-tailed it out of there, and managed to get home. I took apart some furniture for a fire and drank a LOT. Starting to starve, I decided to head out and see if I could scavenge anything. I found some railroad tracks and followed them. Eventually I saw a decent looking building, with a wolf prowling nearby. Brandishing my torch, I was surprised when the wolf didnt bolt immediatly, so I sprinted into the house. No food, Nowhere. My only hope of getting food before I starved to death, would be to tackle the wolf. So I went outside and sure enough, the wolf was still there, prowling around in the fading light. I ran at it, and managed to beat it, but it ran away. I tried to follow, but I was too injured. After healing, I saw crows flying up in the sky, like the do when they find a carcass. So I went to them, and found a deer carcass. I took its meat and cooked that up. I finally had a small meal, but I was slowly dying from exhaustion, so i rolled out my bag and tried to sleep for an hour. As I started to wake up, I could sniffling, and I knew the wolf had found me again. Once again I managed to fend it off, but I had run out of medical supplies. I decided I would try and run, but I turned around just in time to see the wolves jaws snapping right in my face. Needless to say, I died then and there.This will happen to you ALOT20/10 I've never enjoyed dying more
Cubs were starving. Went for deer.It flooded.Started running.One cub was frozen with fear.Ran back to get it. Accidently jump into floodwaters.Respawn.Can't find cubs.10/10
