 game that i would highly recomend. I've played bits and pieces of CS before but i picked up the complete pack and have been hooked on CSGO since. It plays smoothly and it's fun to play with friends. I love just looking in sheer awe of getting a cross map headshot with a deagle or winning against an AWP with just a p2000. Highly recomended
GREAT GAME! Hands down one of the best indie releases of the year. Insurgency is a fast paced realistic shooter. An odd blend that the devs have made work oh so well. The maps are well designed, a small array weapons and attachments but all are functional and server puprose. A unique weight system so those with heavy armour, a M249 and chest carrier will run much slower then someone with a MP5K and a chest carrier. This system allows for a varity of play styles. Would you rather be able to take an extra bullet while suppressing the enemy or have a small arms weapon flank around and kill everyone. The game also immensely rewards objective based players by creating situations where you are the last surviving player on your team and the only way to respawn your team is to cap the objective. It's moments like that which create the intensity of this game. Graphical insurgency isn't as flashy as say crysis or battlefield but it runs smooth. on an I5 750 (lynfield stock) and a GTX 650 (2GB GDDR5) i'm able to run the game almost maxed at a solid 60 frames per second. The game is even playble on a mac according to my sources. With all this said though the best thing about the game is the community. If you go through the workshop of insurgency you will find a ton of custom gun models, reskins, sounds and so much more, but it's  not just the workshop content creators that make the game it's also the players (yes the workshop content creators are players to...). I've never had a bad time with a player on insurgency, most people with mics use it for tactical advantage rather then playing some really annoying music and the community is generally pretty forgiving to.... Unless you go on a murderous rampage on your own team.All in all insurgency is a great game for a great price. Whether you pay the full $15 or pick it on sale it's well worth it
