If you are a fan of the previous Cybertron games than you'll love that side of this game. You start in the earth era, which you feel could've been created to feel more dynamic and expansive. By the time you reach the Cybertronian era you wish you'd never go back. The Escalation mode is quite enjoyable, where you can choose to play as whichever transformer you desire (as long as they are unlocked).Overall, the game is fairly good but has room for improvement (DLC?). Such as:- Replay levels as whatever Transformer you wish (Singleplayer)- Add more movie characters (Galvatron for example)- PvP multiplayer (deathmatch, team deathmatch, ctf, etc.)- Possibly the addition of a free roam map for both eras (A city for earth and something or rather of Cybertron, multiplayer?)These additions I feel would make the game reach its true potential. I still recommend this game, so if you have fifty odd dollars you want to spend then this is the game for you, oh I almost forgot...TRANSFORMERS!
Team Fortress 2 is a game that has been around for years, and certainly hasn-'t died down in terms of popularity. Almost everyone has heard of this game, either by it-'s proper title or as it-'s more commonly referred to as -Hat Simulator 2-. The game in it-'s form is simple; kill and don-'t be killed. The question you are probably asking yourself is: should I get it? Well, let-'s go through some of the pros and cons before making a decision.Pros: -It-'s Free-To-Play, it (initially) costs nothing. -Nine unique classes to choose from. -Over seven different gamemodes (CTF, KoTH, etc.). -Over seventeen different maps. -Mod support for player made content (e.g. PropHunt) -Over 100+ items (cosmetics, weapons, and more)Cons: -Earning cosmetics is a rarity, microtransactions are faster. -Hackers galore (beware -get gud, get lmao-box- and other stuff like that). -Constant updates that alter weapon statsThis game is one of the best our there, well, one of the best Free-To-Play games that is. You-'ll find yourself spending hours on a server trying to kill the guy dominating you, trying to unlock new weapons, and trying so desperately to master rocket-jumping. So, if fast-paced multiplayer games are your cup of tea, then I recommend you give this a download.Team Fortress 2 = 10/10
Rocket League, you know exactly what it is. That game you see so many Twitch streamers playing, the game that many are calling -'the future of eSports-'. It-'s a game with a simple design and a simple premise; score goals and defend your own. Yes, it is basically soccer with pimped-up RC cars. But, the question is, is it as good as everyone says it is? Well, let-'s look at the pros and cons first:Pros: -Fast-paced and fun action (especially with teams of three+) -Online and local multipayer (for all you splitscreen fans out there) -A wide range of cars and unlockables (including hats, antennas, boosts, and paint-jobs) -Cheap DLC with great content (for those who feel like expanding their garage) -A *mostly* friendly online community (every now-and-then there is a racist 12-year-old) -Many options for a custom game mode (lowered gravity, different ball shape, etc.) -Ability to save replays at the end of each match (for those sweet goals you want to keep)Cons: -Premium cars (DeLorean and Batmobile) can-'t have added accesories -Camera functionality (Ball Cam) can be a little annoying (blocked by walls, etc.) -Bots can sometimes be a little too accurate (predict where the ball is going to land after you hit it)As you can see, there are more pros to Rocket League than cons. It is a fun game, to say the least, and in my short time playing it I have never once found myself thinking -this is boring, I-'m gonna play COD instead-. So if you are a fan of action-packed multiplayer games with RC cars that fly about the place, this is the game for you. If you are a fan of multiplayer games in general and want to play something fun, this is the game for you. If you want to start up your Twitch channel and get subs quick, this is the game for you.Rocket League = 9.5/10
I'm gonna start off this review by saying that once the singleplayer has been completed (i.e. to 100% game completion), the only real reason to ever return to it is because of the mods. Speaking of the singleplayer, the campaign in this game is definitely 10/10. The missions are engaging, fun, and at times challenging (especially playing through the entire game in first-person). But yeah, once the singleplayer is done, the only saving grace (and I use that term very lightly) is the Online. Since this game has been out for coming up three years now, the rest of this review is more for the Online part. So...The Pros:-A wide range of vehicles to unlock and customise-Penty of apartment space to store your collection of vehicles-A variety of activities to play with randoms, friends, or crew members-If you have a creative mind, you will never find yourself without something to doThe Cons:-At least 3 in 10 players are hackers-Rockstar Made content (missions, races, etc.) do get repetitive after multiple playthroughs-Earning money in Online does require a lot of playtime-Only three of the Heists are worth playing (the first three)There's probably more detail I could go into, but for the moment I'll leave it here. If you're looking for a game with a good campaign and fun online mode, this is almost definitely the game for you. Although I gave the story a 10/10, the game as a whole falls to an almost solid 7.5/10 (maybe higher if a singleplayer DLC is ever announced for release).
Saints Row IV...how would I describe Saints Row IV? I would describe it as: Awesome, a lot of fun, hilarious and brilliant. Although it does forget the realism (almost completely) in the SR series, it opens for a lot of opportunities such as: Super Powers and aliens. Run and jump around an invaded Steelport, fighting the police and aliens with customisable weapons, vehicles and of course super powers. Telekinesis, fireballs and stomping are only highlights of what mayhem you can cause with the press of a button. Open up your game for friends to join in on the action, LAN or Online. They can help complete the story and bonus activities found around Steelport. With fun DLC's, the fun doesn't end when the story does. I recommend this game to you because of: The open world sandbox map, the variety of weapons and vehicles, the use of super powers, and the fun multiplayer mode. Saints Row IV is a must get, that is if you are into all that awesome stuff...
This game, although in early access, is one the best, funniest and enjoyable games ever. Who doesn't want to play as a giant rabbit, wolf or cat and beat the living crap out of another rabbit, dog or cat? Plus, there are a vast amount of open levels, an in development parkour system and a splitscreen mode! Overgrowth, no money wasted.
