Unforgetable!
This mod is a compleat disaster and it's one of the worst mods I have ever had to sit thought. When you make a mod for the clasic Half Life you have a lot of potental at your hands to make something really fun and entertaining. But with this pile of ♥♥♥♥ I'd have more fun doing an excort mission on expert. First of this mod, that is only 30 minites long, feels like it has to take two whole miniets to load. The mod even almost kills you at the start by having a head crab almost hit you. The pacing of the game is terrible. Here's what happens.-shot zombies-shot alians-shot solders-shot more zombies-kill the final and disapointing bossThe final boss for this mod is a total disapointment that isn't even a threat to you. And you better have full health before you face the final boss becasue you have to drop down a deep fall that can kill you if you dont have enought health. I had to restart the mod just to finish it and thats a case of poor leval desing. There is only one voice actor in this and he sounds like he dose not even know how to do voice acting at all. I'm glad this is a free mod and not a actuall game. If I paid money to play this I whould of been very disapointed. Why this was Greenlighted I will never know. The only place this mod belongs is the Recycle Bin. And thats where my copy is going.
Two all the people who are only here to complain about Pewdiepie, stop okay. Just stop! We get it! You hate Pewdiepie and you don't enjoy watching him! Why did you even download this in the first place if you hate him so much? How about insted of downloading this DLC just so you can complain about Pewdiepie you just, you know, DON'T?! I mean it's free so you don't have to keep it if you don't want it. This is why the hatter's of Pewdiepie are more anoying than the fan's because they never shut up about him and get so up in arm's when ever something involving him is released and it's the same case with the hattred towards Call Of Duty or ANYTHING popular. Here's how a review on this DLC should go.It works well and it pretty detailed like the past Avalable avatars beforehand. Not really that much more to say about this since it is pretty simple but still works well with Face rig. And hey, since Pewdiepie managed to get in mabey some more popular Youtubers can get in. I can't be the only one who want's Jackseptic eye or Mat Pat from game theroy right?Here's what the reviews are like at the moment.OMG IT'S ♥♥♥♥ING PEWDIEPIE!!! WHY!!!! WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THIS PRICK IN THE APPLICATION!!!!!!!!!!!!! NOW ALL HIS SCREAMING KID FANS ARE GOING TO RECORD THEMSELFS SCREAMING AT THE TOP OF THERE LUNGS WITH THIS!!!! ♥♥♥♥ MY LIFE I WANT TO DIE!!!!Thank you for expresing you're opinion in a mature and adult fasion.
Get this game. Get it now! Why are you still reading this when you should be playing this game?
Some people have been way to hard on this game. All I here from fans is that it's not as good as the other one's. Yes, some things from previovs games are not in here but can't you just look past them and enjoy the game? It looks really impressive and there are more gameplay mercanichs in this game than other's. Another thing people complain about to much is the desgise mercanich. That is acutally made much more better I found and you really have to think about your desgise. Contracts mode is also really fun as it alows you to play contracts set by other people.In short it's not a bad game and the fan's sometimes have to let go of the fact some things are missing just to see thought the end of the game. 9/10
