I am in love with this game. For once a story that actually makes you think, that poses difficult questions about our world and the direction it is headed. The story and gameplay complement each other, too, you couldn't have one without the other. i found the gameplay itself to be pretty fun and I like how you can make your own combos to suit your fighting style or the tactis of a particular fight. Also being able to heal from landing a combo is great - even if a fight is going badly, you are never completey out because you can be careful and land some healing combos to make a comeback.The setting is captivating and the voice acting and characterisation are good. I really identified with Nilin and I liked the moral uncertainties the game presents to you. Also, having been to Paris, it was fun seeing places I recognised transformed into a cyberpunk future. This game is very evocative and if the premise sounds interesting to you, you should definitely try it out!
This game is awesome. I highly recommend it. It has somewhat of a similar feel to Portal - it's a first-person, geometry-breaking puzzle game. It will mess with your head, in a good way, and challenge your accustomed ideas about how to play games.
This game has kept my attention for a long time and kept me coming back to it. The gameplay is varied, the quests are interesting and the world is amazing to explore. Plus, dragons.
TF2 is a lot of fun for anyone who enjoys fast-paced, skill-based co-operative gameplay. The game mechanics encourage players to co-operate and perform the role of the class they are playing as, which means that even with strangers online you can get some interesting team tactics. But the best games occur when people communicate - microphone strongly recommended.The 9 different classes give a good variety of gameplay from the slow but powerful Heavy to the sneaky Spy. This game has also managed to make medic be a lot of fun, mainly due to the ubercharge mechanic, where the medic can temporarily make himself and another player invulnerable, which can significantly affect the course of play.There is always new content being added (maps, weapons, the all-important hats, ...) as well as special events for occasions such as Halloween and TF2s birthday.Also, it's free, so you really have no excuse not to try it out. :)
