Giant Amazing Mech Battles in Mechs,that is all that is needed to be said about HAWKEN.Did I mention there are mechs?-'Cus there are mechs.Mechs, mechs, mechs, mechs, mechs.Mechs.Get HAWKEN. It-'s free, and it has mechs.-It-'s like Titanfall but with mechs! Oh wait...-Tman136 2014
If you like Dark Souls but you have a toaster that can't run it, Shovel Knight is perfect for you.Simple as that.What else do you want from me?
 CASTER On the surface, Caster is a generic third-person shooter with absolutely horrid graphics.Have you heard of a little phrase that goes -Don-'t judge a book by it-'s cover-? I know its cliche, but, Caster fits into that little phrase perfectly.Play beyond the original generic shooting and bad graphics and you-'ll find several fun and interesting things.To list a few:A fun and smooth movement systemInteresting and diverse enemy typesPower-up abilities AND enemies that affect the terrain of the levelA multitude of different levels, with community support for even more levelsTo be honest, I-'ve had more fun with this game than some games that cost 10x the amount this does, mainly because of the mechanics it includes that, on paper, seem game-breaking and/or horrible but actually make the game extremely fun. For example, in one of the first few missions, I was running along when I run into this huge ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ scorpion thing that comes out of the ground and shoots a giant reflective ball at me. Naturally, I move out of the way of the ball and look to where it lands and realise that it just created terrain. I swear I spent about 15 minutes just screwing around with what was now my new best friend and making what was once a grassy plain into a deslote wasteland full of mountains. Its that sort of thing that makes me love this game. Not to mention, not long after that mission, you get a powerup that lets you shoot, get this: THE BALLS THE FREAKING SCORPIONS CAN SHOOT. That point is the happiest any game has ever made me feel. However this powerup is a little unbalanced, as it does ridiculous amounts of damage AND is AOE. Basically, this game is full of silliness like that and it is surprisingly fun. I would recommend it to anyone who just wants to screw around with a game.
*This is more of a first impressions review, I have not gotten very far and may or may not edit this review later*Saying Pixal Piracy is Terraria but with pirates is nowhere near giving this enough credit. This game clearly has complexity far beyond Terraria.No, a better way to describe it is... an adventure micro-manage-it-up. With the many abilities, crew, weapons and ship parts, this has potential stuck up the wah-freakin'-zoo not to mention that daunting hunger system, that some players may find a tad too hard, and the cleaning and repairing and the fishing and the...Ok, I'll stop.Basically, this is a complex game, from what I've seen so far. If you aren't ready to micro-manage the hell out of stuff, you may find yourself being confused and getting yourself into an infinite loop of starving to death. (Like me)Overall, Pixal Piracy has a lot of potential and if you're fine with buying games that are still in development, and are all good with micro-managing, I highly recommend this as it is a super fun game.
Died for no apparent reason while walking up stairs.10/10
