Great game! The graphics are amazing, and if you have the equipment to have NVIDIA Flex turned on, then it is porbably the best gore-filled game available! If you're looking for a kill-fest, gore-flying-blood spattered slow motion flaying limbs and gibs then this is the game for you! With a growing diverse range of classes there's many different types of weapons to choose from. While each individual class itself is currently lacking a huge range within themselves, you at least have a variety of weapons across all classes. While the game can be somewhat repititve and a grind to level up your perks, it's definitely still a lot of fun and as aesthetic as a gor-fesat game can be! There's something beautifully satisfying about enterting slow-motion (ZED Time) and watching as you lower your Zweihander (2-Handed Long Sword for the Berserker Class) from above your head in a mighty Zed splitting motion and you split that gorefast in half, slice it's head open and watch all the blood and guts you could want fly out. The new in-game cosmetics are somewhat overpriced, and the range of weapons for each individual class need to be expanded, but overall a great game, lots of fun and stunning graphics! 9/10 for what you'd expect. Worth the $30 USD.
If you don't have Rocket League, don't talk to me.
Great fun and it's still only in it's pre-alpha stage! Developers need people to pre-order to get the funding they need. Looks great, so much fun and very realistic car-smahing derbies and destructive race courses! Would recommend!
I absolutely love it! Randomly decided to buy it in-store for $70 (soem may call me a chump for that :P)  just because I liked the looks of it and saw the back and thought it would be something I enjoy. Hadn't seen any gameplay or trailers for it. The game was clearly calling to me because I'm not usually one to play single player games as I prefer the thrill of PvP. But this game is amazing! cEspecially if you love the old 1800's architecture!
Love this game! If you wish you were alive and a soldier during medieval times like me, you'll love this! XD
