+: Combines aspects from other games in a way that makes the game truly unique in its own way.+: One of the only if any MMO's that allows you to dig on the terrarian itself (although you can't build on the terrain unless it's in your own 'cornerstone' which is basically your own portable headquarters that you craft things at).+: For an MMO this game took an interesting style of graphics that I haven't seen done before (in an MMO).+: A bunch of classes to chose from, all seeming quite different from one another.+: The game is free.+: Can be a good MMO for someone who's never played one.+: You can 'deassemble' a weapon or accessory you don't want to turn it into crafting materials that you may find more useful.(Stating this) Many reviews on here say that the problem with the game is that it takes so long to connect to servers but this has been fixed (to my understanding).-: Although there is a huge arsenal of weapons (that you are pre-assigned based on your class e.g. Shadow Archers will ONLY receive bows) none of them actually change the way you fight or for that matter give you any feeling of variety.-: You progress so quickly that an item you picked up that you may have considered to be really good at the time can quickly become outdated in terms of stats. The game tries to make you feel good with this system of constant rewards and progression although it fails because you don't actually feel accomplished.-: No storyline, NONE.-: This game is repetitive, most of your objectives in this game are basically 'kill this and receive this' or... 'mine this and receive this'.  Due to there being no storyline you find yourself asking 'why am I even doing this?!'.-: No actual quests, you have a pre-determined set of quests that every player in the entire game is also doing. You have no freedom to do what you want (that is if you want to actually make progress within the game), you MUST complete the assigned quest to move onto the next one.-: The  entire game  is randomly generated making there feel like there's nothing to actually explore, it's just randomly generated terrain and dungeons (that also seem to be very repetitive). -: You must make an account for the game itself, this isn't so bad on its own however it can be very frustrating trying to get your verification code from your email to work (both me and my friend had the problem).-: Character customization itself is bad, (not the hats, there's plenty of those). there aren't many color options, as far as physical traits just about all you can do is change your skin color (e.g. you cannot change your height, width, etc.).-: Things in the tutorial seem to be out of order, for example around my first hour of gameplay I was being being told the buttons used to attack even though I had already killed loads of enemies.-: Does not have very much music.-: All drops are marked as uncommon/rare+ when it comes to the rarity tag of an item, I've never seen a single item marked as 'common'. I feel the game does this to make you feel more accomplished.This game has/had a lot of potential, it really did. Sadly I have to say that I must give this game a 4/10 for the reasons listed above.
INTRODUCTION/STORYTitan Souls takes the approach Dark Souls has with its story. It gives you little to no information and rather instead leaves you to sort of generate your own theories about it. This isn't a bad thing at all especially for people like me with ADHD. We easily get lost trying to keep up with stories and often forget important details. If you're looking for a story rich game  stop reading now and go look for something else  because you will be very disappointed. You will need some sort of controller if you wish to stand a chance in Titan Souls. The keyboard controls are pretty bad. GENERAL OVERVIEWTitan Souls is extremely simplistic and follows a pattern that you'll most likely come to love. Every boss is a 1-2 shot kill and you (the player) are also a one shot kill. Unlike many games where you the player may feel you have a huge advantage over the boss or vice versa I feel there's something special about Titan Souls. It may be weird to say but in Titan Souls I always felt I was on an even playing field since there is no progression (you never get any upgrades, throughout the entire game you have the same weapons, stats, etc) I actually came to love this. No BS, Titan Souls is all about skipping the grinding and getting straight to the chase; the bosses. COMBATCombat in TS takes a very interesting approach. You get one arrow which can be brought back to you by holding down the same button you used to fire the arrow. Your arrow will travel distance based on how long you charge it. This gives every shot meaning since whatever you fire you must either chase after or pull back towards you. The con of pulling is it you must stand still, this sounds like a very small thing but in TS this can make some very tricky situations during fights. Most fights come down to a matter of how well you can aim in fast paced situations.PRICE AND PLAY TIMEThe base game took me about three hours to complete. Upon beating the game you unlock a few other modes which can extend your play time but it's still the same game. I purchased this game during the Steam 2016 Summer Sale for about $3.75 and I can say it was definitely worth the price. I would definitely not puchase this game at full price though, I personally think AT MOST this game should be sold for around $10. I highly recommend you download the demo for this game as it gives you a few of the bosses from the game to see how you'll like it. This is the reason I bought TS and I can say the demo was in fact a pretty accurate representation of what the game itself is like.
If I had to describe Shmadow in a few words I'd have to say it's as if bullet hells, endless runners, and sidescrollers had a child. There isn't very much to say about this game but let's talk about it anyway. You're a ball of light who shoots other balls of various colors. Your character and your bullets produce light allowing you to see through the darkness. The more damage you take the less light you produce making it harder to survive. You get get an attack that recharges over a short cooldown and you pickup powerups which can also be used to assist you. You fight bosses and your objective is to make it as far as you can without losing. That's pretty much all there is to say about Shmadow.The GoodOne of the easiest achievement hunts you'll ever see.You can play through the entire game and refund it if you don't enjoy it due to the game being so short.You don't need a controller to do well (I got every achievement using keyboard and mouse).Due to trading cards existing you'll make a large portion of what you spent on the game (if you bought it on sale) back from selling them.Very short soundtrack although it's a very fitting song that doesn't get annoying.Regardless of how much playtime you get it's still only 2 USD.Several difficulties/modes.Really cool bosses.The BadSuper short playtime (15 ish minutes if you're playing normally and 30-90 minutes if you're achievement hunting depending on how good you are at Shmadow). One playthrough of the game is enough for a player to see every boss along with the majority of the content.I like the graphics although I cannot deny that there was very little effort put into them.There's no tutorial although there's a controls section on the main menu.You have to use the powerup to know what it does (they have no titles, just icons) and for a game this short I doubt you want to memorize all of them.If you're poor (and I mean very poor) this game isn't a good choice for you considering the lack of playtime you'll get out of it. If you aren't poor you've got nothing to lose no matter how much playtime you get out of it.
Fun Valve classic that challenges your team work skills. This is one of those games that you can meet lots of new friends on. There's lots of replayability especially through the versus mode campaign.
Basically SR3 2.0.I’ve completed the main story of SR3 three times, I have every achievement and I’ve put in about 160 hours (PS3). That being said I’m having a blast on SR4 even though it uses a replica of Steelport (with some changes such as alien tech).Many people say the super powers ruin the game, this is totally up to you to decide. I love the super powers.. but here’s a few things to note.--tBy completing side quests I’ve already unlocked unlimited super sprint stamina and I’m only on what.. the sixth mission? This should be unlocked towards the end of the game.--tI have three of the eight super powers. I can fly/glide/super jump (all one power), super sprint, and shoot freeze blasts. I’m telling you this just so you have an idea of what to expect.--tYou’ll probably never rely on vehicles for transportation after a few upgrades on your super sprint, I like this but at the same time I dislike this.I’ve seen many of the old characters make an appearance so far, it brought me some warm memories.Anyways.. so far I’m really enjoying this game. I can’t say you’ll enjoy SR4 as much as the previous games but if you end up enjoying the super powers you’ll have a lot of fun with this game. I got this for 5$ so I’d say this was well worth the money I spent.
Written VersionA Story About My Uncle is a game that presented itself to me as quite promising with its amazing atmosphere which sucked me in from the beginning. I was later led to disappointment as I realized just how little story there actually is and that the game relies on using cliffhangers to keep the player going. I was fine with this until I completed the game and was left quite unsatisfied. The game made me very eager to see just what would happen next as I swung from stage to stage hoping that I'd get some dialogue. The ending left me quite disappointed as I saw the developer could've done much more with the game. A lot of players have trouble with this game (refer to the other reviews for this, mostly the negative). I find that this is what gives players their play time. The developer is asking $13 for a game that could take a player 1-3 hours to complete (depending on just how much they die).-----------------------------------------------------Pro/Con VersionPros- What little dialogue there is can drive your curiosuity enough to keep you playing.- Amazing atmosphere.- Fun gameplay.Cons- Very little dialogue.- 1-3 hours of gameplay.- Monotone narrator/unconvincing voice actors (don't let the narrator's beautiful voice fool you!)- Massive price tag for how long the game is.-----------------------------------------------------Conclusion: I'd say get it on sale, it's a very fun game however its price tag is just quite demanding. For a story based game the story really isn't there; the atmosphere is. You could get something that'll get you more for your buck elsewhere.
