There is absolutely no other words I can say about this game it is just magnificent. Fallout: New Vegas is based in a post-apocalyptic, open world environment around the area of Nevada, California, and Arizona. You take control of the character known as the Courier, who is hired by a delivery service to take an unknown package across the Mojave Desert to Las Vegas Strip but is intercepted, shot in the head, and left for dead by a mysterious man who steals the package. After being found by a friendly local robot, Victor, and healed by a man named Doc Mitchell, the Courier is thrust back into the desert to seek revenge and recover the stolen package. By doing this, you become caught between various factions competing for control over the desert and its most valuable asset, the Hoover Dam, ultimately coming to shape the future of its inhabitants. Fallout: New Vegas-'s combat is centered around the -Vault-Tec Assisted Targeting System- feature, or -V.A.T.S.-, which is from Fallout 3 with the addition of several new V.A.T.S.-specific attacks. Fallout: New Vegas now allows you to have firearm modifications such as mounted telescopic sights, rate of fire modifiers and increased magazine size. Crafting also plays a role in weaponry, with the ability to make ammunition such as hand-loaded rounds.A plant-harvesting system similar to that of The Elder Scrolls series allows you to use plants to create special meals, poisons, and medicines. Fallout: New Vegas reintroduces the reputation system that was absent in Fallout 3. The degree of faction loyalty influences your reputation with that faction, which affects the behavior of the faction-'s non-player characters (NPCs) towards you and reflects the impact of selected choices in the world. Karma is also a factor and is independent of faction reputation. Overall I give Fallout: New Vegas a score of 10/10 the story and gameplay are just absolutely outstanding it is definitely a huge step up from the previous Fallout games as it is able to feature loads of new content while still retaining features from the previous FO games. I really cannot recommend this game to you enough it is just absolutely outstanding in everyway. I am absolutely 100% sure that Fallout: New Vegas will not disappoint you in anyway!.
The Witcher is an action role-playing hack and slash video game developed by CD Projekt RED and published by Atari, Inc. The game is based on the book series of the same name by Polish author Andrzej Sapkowski. The Witcher takes place in a medieval fantasy world and follows the story of Geralt, one of the few remaining -witchers- – traveling monster hunters for hire, gifted with unnatural powers. The combat system in The Witcher represents a much different gaming experience from most RPGs. Players can choose one of three fighting styles to use in different situations and against different foes. The fast style allows for faster, less-damaging attacks with a greater chance of hitting faster enemies; the strong style deals much more damage in exchange for a slow attack speed, and a lower chance to hit faster enemies; and the group style features sweeping attacks best used if Geralt is surrounded. Both of Geralt-'s main swords also have the distinctively different combat styles from other weaponry, and serve specific purposes. The steel blade is used to fight humans and other flesh-and-blood beings, while the silver sword is much more effective against supernatural monsters and beasts (against some of which steel may have no effect on them whatsoever). With precise timing, the player can link Geralt-'s attacks into strong combos to more effectively damage enemies. Alchemy is a major part of gameplay.  The player can create potions that increase health or endurance regeneration, allows Geralt to see in the dark, or provide lots of other beneficial effects. The recipes for these potions can be learned through reading scrolls, or by experimentation. Once the player creates an unknown potion he can choose to drink it, but if a potion is a failure it will poison or have other harmful effects on Geralt. In addition to potions, the player can create oils used to augment the damage done by weapons. Players can also create bombs for use as weapons in combat. Neither can be created until talent points have been allocated into the corresponding skills. My overall rating for The Witcher Enhanced Edition is 10/10 the story is really interesting and also fun to play through, the gameplay and combat also feels very very realistic. Next to Dragon Age: Origins this is most definitely one of the best RPG games I have ever played. I highly recommend you get this game I am sure you will be blown away with how fantastic this game is. So once again I really recommend you get this game because I am absolutely without a single doubt 100% sure that The Witcher Enhanced Edition will not disappoint you at all!.
PAYDAY The Heist is just fantastic. The game focus on four robbers Dallas, Hoxton, Chains, and Wolf who team up. Their first heist took place at the First World Bank, where they entered a vault by using thermite hidden on the inside of a photocopier and stole a large amount of money. A post-game message congratulates the group, telling them that they are -set for life-, but recommends more heists, including robbing drug junkies in an abandoned apartment complex and ambushing a prisoner transport in heavy rain weather, simply for the enjoyment. This is the game before PAYDAY 2 and if you have not played PAYDAY 2 this game will be completely new to you. Although PAYDAY The Heist does not have a proper story the main objective of the game is to perform heists either by yourself on single player or you can invite your friends to join you in co-op mode. The co-op mode in PAYDAY is fantastic it works very well as they have same maps just this time you-'re not alone but with friends. You and your friends will have to complete a number of objectives while also holding of the police while the drill does its job and once the vault is open you can escape with the money. The gameplay is fantastic being like a GTA just without the openworld and in a first person view. Overall I give this game a score of 10/10 both the singleplayer and co-op mode are very fun. So if you-'re looking to get a PAYDAY game I really really recommend you get this one as it is a very enjoyable game and I am absolutely one hundred percent sure it will not disappoint you at all!.
This is an EPIC game the cars in the game look fantastic. The open world is huge and road rages and other evets are fantastic this game has alot of wonderful stuff about it. It's a really great game andd if you are a fan of racing or road rages this is the game for you it is really worth the money get this game bros!!.
Great Magazine Bros.This Mag has Everything Like Hints on Certain TF2 Maps Like where not to snip and stuff.Whats Really Amazing is if you buy this $2.00 Magazine You Get a Free Genuine Killer Exclusive Hat! and you can also buy new episodes like epidsode 2,3,4,5,6 and more.The Exclusive Hat only comes Genuine in this Magazine Great Magazine!.It's a Great Price so i Suggest You Buy this Bros!.
Fallout 4 is an action role-playing video game developed by Bethesda Game Studios and published by Bethesda Softworks. It is the fifth major installment in the Fallout series, and my personal favorite!. It is set in a post-apocalyptic Boston in the year 2287, 210 years after a devastating nuclear war. The player character emerges from an underground nuclear fallout shelter known as Vault 111, and subsequently explores the world, completes various quests and acquires experience points to level up their character. You have the ability to roam anywhere on the map, and leave a conversation at any time. You also have the ability to customize weapons; the game includes over 50 base guns, which can be crafted with a variety of modifications, such as barrel types and laser focus, with over 700 modifications available. Power Armor has been redesigned to be more like a vehicle than an equipable suit of armor and can be modified, allowing you to add items such as a jetpack or selecting separate types of armor for each part of the suit.Returning features from Fallout 3 include a camera that can switch between a first-person and third-person perspective, and the ability to roam anywhere on the map. Fallout 4 introduces new features including a layered armor system, base-building, a dynamic dialogue system featuring 111,000 lines of dialogue, an in-depth crafting system which implements every lootable object in the game, and much more. Enemies such as mole rats, raiders, super-mutants, deathclaws, and feral ghouls along with the companion Dogmeat return in Fallout 4. The Pip-Boy, a personal computing device strapped to the character-'s wrist, allows you to access a menu with statistics, maps, data, and items. You can find game cartridges, which can be played on the Pip-Boy. Another returning gameplay feature is the Vault-Tec Assisted Targeting System (V.A.T.S.), which plays an important part in combat. While using V.A.T.S., real-time combat is slowed down, and action is played out from varying camera angles in a computer graphics version of -bullet time-.  Various actions cost action points, limiting the actions of each combatant during a period of time, and you can target specific body parts for attacks to inflict specific injuries.Overall I think Fallout 4 really is one of the best RPGs I-'ve played so I am going to give it a 10/10. It is absolutely fantastic, the world you can explore is filled side quests and loads of settlements. The stunning skyrim like graphics also make the world look very detailed and stunning even on the lowest settings (if you play it on that). Fallout 4 is also very well optimized only needing 24gb HD space and being able to run almost smoothly on Max settings, even on laptops and computers that have outdated graphics card (like my GeForce 840m card). So if you-'re looking for a fun and entertaining open world RPG game or if you have played Fallout 3 and enjoyed it, this is the game for you it-'s just outstanding, a huge improvement!.
Far Cry 3 is an open world, action-adventure first-person shooter video game set on a tropical island between the Indian and Pacific Oceans. After a vacation goes awry, protagonist Jason Brody must save his friends, who have been kidnapped by pirates and escape from the island and its unhinged inhabitants. Far Cry 3 is a first-person shooter, which also features role-playing game elements including experience points, skill trees, and a crafting system. Far Cry 3 gives you the ability to take cover behind objects to break enemies' lines of sight and to peek around and over cover and blindfire. You are also able to perform silent takedowns by performing melee attacks from above, below, or close behind. Equipment is controlled by a simple system. As missions are completed, new items are unlocked to be purchased or crafted by Jason, using the pelts of various animals that are found around the island. As the outposts of Vaas' pirate group are attacked and retaken, the vicinity around the outpost becomes safer, it unlocks new side quests for that area, involving missions like hunting the many different wildlife species on the island to upgrade ones equipment. Skills are collected by gaining experience from completing missions and killing enemies, and are unlocked in three skill trees, which correspond to the Spider, the Heron, and the Shark. Each skill tree upgrades different aspects of Jason's abilities, with the Spider upgrading his stealth takedowns and hunting skills, Shark for assault takedowns and health, with the Heron upgrading Jason's long-range takedowns and mobility. As skills are collected, the tattoo on Jason's forearm grows which is made up of several different tribal designs resembling the three animal skill trees. With all the new features that Ubisoft has added to Far Cry 3 I really think that this is definitely a huge improvement to the previous Far Cry games. The story is very interesting and fun, the island you explore is very big and beautifully detailed and there is so many things you can do when your bored, for example there are loads of side-missions and hunting contracts scattered around the island. Overall Far Cry 3 absolutely deserves a score of 10/10 it is just truly fantastic, I'm definitely 100% sure that Far Cry 3 will not disappoint you in anyway!.
Great Game Bros The Puzzles You Have to solve are really chalneging wich is good it helps you learn how to solve puzzles and the portal gun is realy awesome and this game is so worth it get this game bros!!
Batman: Arkham Knight is an action-adventure video game developed by Rocksteady Studios and published by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment. Set one year after the events of Batman: Arkham Asylum and Batman Arkham City, the game's main storyline follows Batman as he confronts the Scarecrow, who has launched an attack on Gotham City, causing a city-wide evacuation. Aided by the mysterious Arkham Knight, the Scarecrow unites Batman's greatest foes in a plot to finally kill the Dark Knight. Batman Arkham Knight is presented from the third-person perspective with a primary focus on Batman's combat and stealth abilities, detective skills, and gadgets that can be used in both combat and exploration. Batman: Arkham Knight now introduces Batman's car, the Batmobile, as a driveable vehicle. The bulletproof Batmobile can be summoned to the your location at your will while on foot, or, if airborne, the car can now be sent to meet Batman just as he lands, it can also be used for combat against the Arkham Knight's tanks or just for transportation around Gotham City. Batman: Arkham Knight is set within Gotham City, which is open for you from the beginning of the game allowing you to travel freely anywhere within its boundaries. Many of the gadgets and lots of gameplay elements from the previous Arkham games have returned, including the grapnel gun, line launcher, batarangs, a countering system and the detective vision, which is like Batman's own version of Eagle vision. Changes to the combat system include the ability to now combine attacks on prone enemies without interrupting the streak. Batman can now counter enemy attacks and throw them into other enemies for increased damage. Overall I would say that Batman: Arkham Knight is definitely a step up from previous games, yes the game has a terrible optimization and quite a lot of FPS issues, but the story and gameplay are just fantastic, I really think the Batmobile is definitely a nice new feature of the game. I recommend getting this game when it has been fixed, it is not really that playable at the moment. I would give this game a rating of 8/10 it's absolutely fantastic, I am just absolutely 100% sure without even a single doubt that Batman: Arkham Knight will just blow away all your expectations!!.
