Everything about the game is so...crispy. The art is crisp. The control is crisp. My chicken is crisp. Each hero is cripsy in their own way. Though it's unfortunate that there's only one server. And that server is in a land, faar faaarr away.
The magic of Warframe is not how beautiful the game is in terms of graphic, even though it's Free-to-play.Not how fluid the combat is.Not the MR system, which requires you to actually know how to play the game in order to rank up.Not the various amounts of warframes and how each of them have their unique set of skills.Not the trading system, where anyone can get platinum as long as they work for it.Not the free-to-play system, where one doesn't require to pay in order to get ahead (more like pay-to-get-stuff-slighty faster)Not how there's an epic lore behind all this grinding (Second Dream. I crie evritiem) (Ordan Karris anyone?)Not the ludicrious amount of weapons that can be crafted.Not how you can build your frames and weapons anyway you want? (More firerate? Go for it. Want to achieve critting a crit? Hell yeah you do. More damage per bullet? ♥♥♥♥ yeah)Not the helpful companions which varies from cats to dogs to tiny floating robots.Its beauty lies in how much the developers care for the players, how they work sleepless nights in order for us to get the best updates.Its beauty lies in how this game even existed, even though publishers they talked to had thought that this game would fail terribly. They risked everything they had in order to self-publish this game. It's beauty lies in how DE meticulously created, drawn, and perfected each and every single aspect of the game (except RNG cus ♥♥♥♥ dat ♥♥♥♥).Truly, this game wholly deserves my 1000 hours. I've played on and off since late 2013, and it's a giant shocker to what I came back to, to be honest. A refined diamond standing in a sea of wrinkly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. 
I saw a guy summoned Death, and it killed him.10/10
Do you suck at playing DotA 2? Are you repeatedly being called a noob while playing LoL? Are you always blamed for being a horrible support?If you answered yes to any of that question, then it seems like that you are either incompetent while playing MOBA, or maybe you just need to take a rest, and play this game.Seriously, I can last hit anytime I want, and no one would complain.
Let me tell of a recent adventure I had while playing this with my friend...We started on a large island. Wasn-'t as large as I thought it would be, but it was large enough. Of course, we started gathering woods first, so we could have a shelter for the first night. Whereas my friend focused more on the framework, I focused more on making our shelter look pretty, by adding a Japanese-themed roof. Once we placed the last chair, the Guide rushed towards our newly made house and declared it his. Our first night wasn-'t bad. We just stayed inside, made a second floor while we were fighting off hordes of zombies, and eventually turned it into a temporary shooting range! So for the whole night, we shot zombies with our bows and arrows.The rest of the game was spent doing pretty much that. We collected woods (and sometimes stones), improved on our shelter (which eventually turned into a tower), and eventually mined. We kept mining a specific network, which in time lead us to the Underworld. Now mind you, we played on Hardcore. So if I died, then I die for good on that server. Anywho, our first trip to the Underworld wasn-'t too bad. We made a hellevator, and rode it down to the Underworld. We scouted for a bit, until we were attacked by demons. When we lost more that 50% of our health, we knew it was time to go back. And so, we teleported back home with our magic mirrors.So from that day forward, our mission was to mine the Hell out of Hell. Now this is where the story ends. I thought for sure that I would have died from a demon, or fell and slipped into lava, but no, it was from something else entirely. I decided to discover more of the network of caves, and hope to find treasure chests here and there. But no. I stepped on a pressure plate, and a boulder fell on me. I died, while my friend laughed and stole my items. That was when I stopped playing Terraria. Then update 1.3 came and I was like, -Yipeee, I wonder what other deadl y contraptions Redigit has in store for me!--pls excuse bad inggris.
