Oh boy, no other game has eaten up as much cash and as much hours of my life than Team Fortress 2.This game is great, near perfect even. It's a FPS of which you are put against other players to push carts, capture points, stop the other team doing said actions with gameplay that is amazing. The great thing about the gameplay is the 9 classes, who all have their strengths and weaknesses. A mixed and varied team is usually the best team as having too many of one class can lead to their weaknesses being abused and making it harder for them to win. Hell, a team that can use teamwork will beat almost anything.The only problem that I can really see is that most FPS skills don't transfer over to TF2 very well and you'll start off not being good at the game. Please use training mode, nothing is more infuriating than having a spy run straight at a sentry undisguised.You should get this game and try it out. Why? Because it's free! All money gets you is hats and don't you get me started on hats...10/10
This game starts off really well, as the transition from the old 8-bit era to the 3D part is pretty cool. But this transition happens in a space of half an hour and the game turns for the worse after the game becomes 3D. After that it becomes a bad zelda and final fantasy clone.The turn-based strategy is way too easy, as your partner has a heal spell that is effective considering how little damage the enemies do. She doesn't do a whole lot of damage (except for x-crystal, but the hero can do just as well.), there is no limit on how many times you can use her spell and it heals both characters. At the moments when she isn't around, you have enough money to buy a bunch of potions to last you until your partner comes back. Because of this, the battles will get boring and mind-numming very quickly and you'll start running from battles just to get past them.The action-adventure gameplay isn't as bad, as some of the levels have intresting mechanics like shifting back and forth from 16-bit to 3D but these sections don't last as long and they don't get repeated. They should've stuck with these ideas as it could've added more puzzles and ways to get around them. Instead it focuses more on the combat, which is stiff to say the least.Overall, it takes a lot of ideas, some from other games and some entirely unique, and sticks it all together instead of getting a few ideas and expanding upon thoses to make the game feel like an exploration through the action/adventure genre rather than a game that took ideas from other games in hope of it working well. Combined the fact that the game is really short and that it's $10, this game isn't worth getting.
Holy ♥♥♥♥! A game with cubes!But seriously, this game is really awesome. Its like your average tower defense game...BUT THE ENEMY CAN KILL YOUR TOWERS! This game can be hard at times because of those stupid grenade enemies...but its fun for anyone who wants to play a tower defense game with a twist.
