Marvel puzzle quest’s game mechanic is amazing. As a fun of puzzle quest, I got hook to this game early on. However, the pay-to-enjoy aspect kills it for me. The game encourages players to have a large roster of heroes in order to enjoy a specific mission for the week. In order to increase your roster, you need to gain a currency which is acquired through drops from prologue battles, finishing a mission with a high ranking score than other players or purchase it with real money. Obtaining a hero you want or levelling a hero you have also requires too much time and money. Gaining a 1 or 2 star hero is not a problem. Getting a 3 to 4 star though is a different story. You either have to be lucky at getting a 3 star hero from the standard cover drop, finish a mission with a high ranking score, or use gold to get draw a cover from the mission drop.
Everything about the game is great. What is not great is not being able to play it because of a black screen issue with the game. Disabling the steam overlay and tweaking the anti-aliasing mode for my Nvidia card didn't fix the issue. Still waiting for the devs to find a fix for this issue.
This is not just an RPG with bullet hell mechanics. It is a unique game experience which can only be experienced than shown or told. I walked away completely satisfied after finishing the game.
Now this is how you make a good H-game:-Good voice actors -fun match 3 gameplay-Good character design and art
Now this is how you tell a story.The music is really spot on and visual cues help provide the words to a wordless story. My only complaint here is the slow start. Otherwise it’s not a bad buy. 
One of the most satisfying platformers I've played and finishedPros- Game design and soundtrack are a perfect blend- Difficulty is not too steep as other platformer games.Cons- Game is lacking in levels in comparison to other platform games such as super meat boy or electronic super joy.
There is a certain charm from simulation games which allows anyone, even the ones who haven’t attended any music classes, to easily create their own content. You bring home a sense of accomplishment you don’t often find in other games. Cosmic DJ is one good example of this type of game.You are the cosmic DJYou, a floating no face protagonist, are deemed the cosmic DJ by STEVE3, the cosmic conductor of the universe. After learning how to create your own beats and making everyone in the party rock to your groove, STEVE4 crashes the city with bad vibes. It is now up to you to fix the jamtennas with some sweet tracks. GameplayCalling Cosmic DJ a game may not be entirely appropriate. This isn’t like dance revolution or guitar hero where you need to correctly follow a certain QTE like sequence in order to play the tracks correctly. There are also no game overs or consequence to be had here (except for some ear damaging music). In Cosmic DJ, you play out a scene which is separated into four parts. You select which instruments to play during these parts. You are then presented with a sequencer to input the notes of the instruments. Once you filled in enough notes (regardless of sequence), you are given the option of adding a new instrument to play during a part of the scene. In order to advance to the next part of the scene, you need to fill the “joy” bar by adding enough notes to play the instruments. Once you finish a scene, you can save the track you created as an MP3 file. While the game encodes the track, you can create the cover art which will be attached to the file you are creating. The game allows you to save your MP3 in any folder in your hard drive.PresentationThe art style of the game is something straight out of the 80s. From the neon colours to the 3D pixel characters, everything fits the theme of Cosmic DJ. When an instrument plays, you get a visual cue of it playing at the top part of the screen.My thoughtsOne major flaw of Cosmic DJ is its limitation of options in creating your own music track. You create about 60% of the music track where the notes you inserted plays along with the main sequence of the track. There aren’t any other options to help you customise your music to your liking such as controlling the tempo. Since this is just an early access game, gl33k might add more options and sequences for the full retail version. After creating three tracks, I thought anyone can just mash buttons in order to create a decent track. Turns out this isn’t the case.Here is one of the good ones I made: http://picosong.com/c5eX/Here is the intended bad one (decrease your volume. You have been warned)http://picosong.com/c5eF/Overall, this is one worthwhile game to add to your library. There is nothing like showing off an mp3 to people you know and say you made this yourself with Cosmic DJ.  http://gwiser.kinja.com/the-cosmic-power-of-your-own-music-1614624880?rev=1406940712605
This game is pretty much a love letter to almost every kids growing up in the 80s.
