*Review made a few days after EA release*Swordy is not for every PC, make no mistake, Swordy is a niche game requiring Multiple controllers, Friends, and a willingness to wait until those meetups to play the game... (and it only really starts getting fun with a third (or more) person(s) too)...To those having a Party with a few friends around, Must grab.To those looking for a single player experience, Don-'t get it yet, Wait a few months and see how the single player modes progress and then re-evaluate Swordy is a Unique -Arena Party Game- In the vein of -Starwhal- or -Duck Game- or -SpeedRunners-. They are great, fun, and silly... though there-'s a few drawbacks out there.Most of these Arena party games are platformers... and too many people have WAAAY different skill levels in platformers to make them fun or fair.This game is a lot more like starwhal -new- control scheme, a game where most people are unfamiliar with the controls, starting everyone off on a level playing field. What this game has going for it is a really strong sense of -Honourable combat-, -Casual rulemaking- and -Improvisation mid combat--Looking at each other across the arena, blood has been spilled, but both your weapons are aflame... the rain starts... everything else seems to fade into the background, Slowly spinning up the hammer, charging forwards, both you and them start screaming...-Moments like that seem to flow and occur naturally, Blows and weapon exchanges seem just right, your opponents rarely outskill you to the point of futility, and when amazing dagger throws do happen, there-'s nothing but awe across the couch. It feels like one of the few local multiplayer games where battlecries feel appropriate and easy to do. The game is really good at encouraging -epic memorable moments-, everything feels fair (even when it-'s unfair).The game is also nice in offering casual rulemaking. You have an immediately apparent unspoken social contract for politeness, a weapon selection as required, not needing to go into a -Mutators screen- to disallow certain items... as most friends are amiable to not allow swords, or to only go for punches, or overhead attacks... it-'s just really nice and refreshing not having to go back out to a menu to get that stuff done.It-'s also really nice to see a bit of panic mode support, where your thrown weapon misses the target, and now you-'re running away from a psycho with a flaming spear, grabbing and tossing everything in your path to try escape... until either you manage to pick up another dagger and fling it at him... hopefully with a little more luck this time... or you run into a wall and get skewered...Really, this is just an essential party game that doesn-'t lose it-'s lustre quickly, Get it if you-'re sick of platformers as your only party game options for sure. Get it if you-'re the type that can convince their friends to bring two controllers over.Remember that you hold X while picking up to dual wield!
Cryptark is like sex. Anticiption, tense sweaty busy work all building to a final brain numbing elation.The options of weapons grows as you play through the game, Shotguns, rockets, ramming spikes all feel as if they have the right amount of gravitas attached.Choosing how you breach a derelict alien ship is offered as a flexible and rigourous challenge. Random ship interiors, a new puzzle follows emerges every time you load up a schematic.Once you have your plan of action, the reckless dash to clear the ship of it's repair systems, then it's shields, then it's alarm systems, then it's core is in such a frenetic rush... Nukes deserve their own paragraph. Never in any game before this have i felt i have had not enough hands... Humbling, yet glorious. The quickest way to destroying an evil headache part of the ship without having to deal with battling the ship part down is to arm a nuke to destroy it for you The catch is that you have to take your hands off the mouse ~ your only hope of removing incoming threats ~ to arm the nuke in a tense code input sequence. This leads to Exhillarating payoffs as you see a shield system burn to cinders,Everything builds up to destroying the core in malestrom of pink brain lazers and grenade exposions everywhere... It's a very suitable climax, everything you did up to this point leads up to it, and it never disappoints or feels stale.Once the core is destroyed, everything slows down and stops... and everything you were doing catches up with you. I have never felt so fatigued after finishing a level, I can rarely play this for more than 30 minutes without becoming exhausted. The tension in the game is kept high enough to stretch your nerves thin and keep your eyes peeled...It's a masterpiece, if you can keep up and not get overwhelmed with fast paced games... just get it.
I LOVE THIS GAME!fanciful, frustrating, fantastic. the atmosphere in the game is dripping wet from the blood and sweat the developers put into the game. For the love of all that's holy, have you seen the lobby in the trailer? Buy the game just for that!
Got from humble monthly aug 2016.Voice acting is fine, art style is fantastic.Yet game feels... Soulless?The game seems to be a student project that was just one giant comprimise of ideas so that they could pass... The game-'s themes of -abandonment and lonliness- are surface level and dont-' integrate with the story well enough, with a cutscene/slideshow finishing the game off.The monsters aren-'t given enough screen time to become memorable...It never feels like -wow! exploring a new world!-, no super wide zoom outs to see the scenery around you (the glowflies are an attempt at that maybe? but it would be nice if they meant more to the game & story, rather than just being pretty)The game takes heavy inspiration from (though Planet of the eyes does get Pillar domino puzzles to be a lot more fun than they were in limbo) and they are both respectable, but to line up the two side by side, limbo wins out.If you want disappointment after playing -INSIDE- or more cookie cutter 2d platformers... feel free i guess?
People got mad after the humble bundle :PThis game has it-'s issues but the core is still there, it-'s still a riot to play.You have an SMG as your damage weapon (left click) and a Disabler in your other hand (right click).Disabler weapons, while looking like shotguns, rocket launchers and the rest, are more support, making sure you can-'t get shot (as your opponent-'s screen is reduced to 40X80 pixels, or static causes it to spazm white and flash colours. or tabbing them out to a fake windows desktop), they don-'t do damage but they do make it harder for you to take damage or for your enemy to dodge.The -buggy- movement... is weird, but the devs probably found through playtesting that Rising up through ramps by jumping into them made people feel more like L337 Hackz0rs, so, they kept it in... along with player freedom.For it-'s price? certainly something good to check out while it still has a playerbase... it-'s fun and strange and pretty and vicious :DIt does still have a few bugs, can-'t see server name, only a string of numbers
A Neon fueled boss rush, that's really, really cool
It's goodYou should get it.The best part are all the wicked puns.10/10 would play inside again.
