Ranting raving review ahead: I'd given this game the benefit of the doubt from day one, thinking that it's still in early access and they're still developing ideas and so on.. But every single update breaks the game more and more. It has become more a mobile idle game that you should not ever turn off for fear of having everything go wrong and being unable to progress any further in the game.  E.G. At the time of writing this every time I open the game up and lose villagers because I closed the game and they got cranky. Which then meant I had hours and hours of wait times pop up and had no villagers to do anything with. I tried Godus, I really tried to stick with you, but every update introduces more mechanics and changes ones that were fantastic for a PC game. Pick a port, PC or mobile and develop it for one, because in trying to develop for both, its broken and will forever be broken. /Rant over.
My entire thought process through every timed conversation choice -Oh god oh god oh god oh god..- I would then panic and click one (more often than not the choice I really didn-'t want) and my next thought -I ♥♥♥♥ed up.. I have really ♥♥♥♥ed up.- I can-'t wait for episode 2! I-'m thorougly enjoying playing through it over and over filling up many save files just to see what will be different later. I-'ve never been so curious with a Telltale before..
This is an absolutely glorious little game. I can see myself just wasting hours and hours watching those little trains run around in scenic mode. Also scenic mode is good because you can pull the whole map apart and start again. Fabulous. Commuter mode is a great mix of challenging and casual. You can look away for a few seconds and not be stressed that everything is going to blow up. I can't wait for sounds and music I just hope the music will ust amplify the whole casual feel this has got about it.
Be still my frantic heart.
Sometimes I want to play a game that just takes me on a journey, but never have I been on a journey To The Moon, nor have I ever wanted for a game to not end. This is a gem; simple, beautiful and expertly written. I require many more games from this universe. Many more.
Short, beautiful and absolutely heart wrenching. The graphics are adorable and the story was told completely without words. This game takes -show, don-'t tell- to a whole new level and nails it.
