HeyGuys,As a long time addict, I would like to give a honest though undoubtedly biased review of this game/lifestyle/drug. Playing this game is like taking yoga for 5 years, training mercilessly day and night. Then finally surgically removing a rib in order to one day suck your own ♥♥♥♥, only to discover that the relentless physical torment has left your junk in a hapless defective state. What you will experience from playing this game is 99.9% flaming, scapegoating and being killed by players more invested in this video game experience than you could ever hope to be. The majority of mechanical game-play consists of attacking an AI-controlled unit at the last possible moment in order to obtain a pitiful amount of gold from it. And then proceeding to repeat this action hundreds of times every single game. Still interested? I will not question what may be wrong with you but seeing as you have read thus far I will let you in to this little secret. The reason why people have played this game since it's inception, and have never gotten bored of it. This is the little .1% of pure untampered ecstasy. It is the moment that the scales fall from your eyes to reveal the next level of complexity within the world of dota you once believed to be much simpler. The moment you first overcome your opponent with skill you have sacrificed your blood, sweat and tears to develop. When the stars align and that wombo combo aces the 5 ♥♥♥♥boys stupid enough to challenge you and your brothers in arms. When you comeback from mega creeps (A checkmate in nearly all cases) to snatch the victory which dangled so precariously in the jaws of defeat. Followed by talking so much ♥♥♥♥ to the early good game flamer on the other team, your mouth may as well be a colostomy bag. This is the high you will achieve from this narcotic we call Dota 2. And you will without a doubt, spend the rest of your life, crawling miserably through the toxic sewerage ala public games in order to once more experience it in all of it's richness and warmth. Truth be told there is no guarantee that you will ever feel that same way again. But it's worth trying. I think.
