So I played this game out of morbid curiosity. ♥♥♥♥ it, why not, right? Everything said about it is right: the story is nothing, the music is godawful, the art is so limited and dull that you-'re nearly falling asleep. There-'s one whole choice 80% of the way through which affects nothing. Every single girl is practically humping the protagonist-'s leg (because they either love creepy strangers with no personality or he is literally the only male their age they-'ve ever met).But what gets me is the ♥♥♥♥ing judo tournament.Right at the start, protag is like HEY I-'M TAKAHIRO, I-'M NERVOUS ABOUT THIS BIG JUDO TOURNAMENT. If he gets it, bam, scholarship, he can start competing on an international level and make his career. He goes to pray at this shrine for luck in the tournament, and then time travel ♥♥♥♥ happens and we-'re in the past/alternate dimension/who cares.The whole time, he-'s going -I have to get back for my judo tournament! Everything-'s riding on this tournament! I-'ve gotta go home and fight in my judo tournament!- Further shenanigans happen and the same demon-girl who transported you there initially is likeOKAY BROPORTAL-'S OPEN BUT ONLY FOR TWO MINUTESIDK WHY, NO TIME TO SAY GOODBYEIT-'LL INCREASE THE DRAMA IF YOU DON-'T SAY GOODBYE NOW SHUT UP AND GOSo he goes back home and handily wins the judo tournament. A rising star in the field, he gains some level of fame and earns a scholarship to the school he wants. Everything he came back for, right? It-'d be totally stupid if he were to, say, immediately throw away everything he came back for and go to the shrine and yell for two months, trying to go back to the other world.Oh waaaaaait.Why the ♥♥♥♥ did you even go back if you were going to invalidate the only reason you had to go back, Takahiro? You showed up, did the thing, and your yell of THE TOURNAMENT immediately turns to GOTTA RETURN TO THE PAST-FUTURE!!The rest of this game was some seriously amateur nonsense. That massive inconsistency on the main character-'s only motivation, though...that one really got me.Just watch the Game Grumps playthrough instead.
