Amazing game, so many different planets and items to see. Great fun, lasts for hundreds of hours, especially with the large modding community and multiplayer.
I really like this game, and unlike a lot of people who have reviewed (Recommended, whatever) this game gave it Not Recommended because it has become -Pay to Win-. It has got an option to go premium, but this is un-intrusive and doesn-'t completely throw things out of balance. You can also use real money to buy -Galaxy Cash-. You can spend Galaxy Cash to buy cubes (What you use to build your robot), instead of the normal currency, which isn-'t TOO bad, but still not great. The worst this -Pay to Play- aspect ever gets (In my opinion) is that you can use GC to convert normal Tech Points into Uber Tech Points. The normal TP are tiered, so you can not get Tier 7 TP on your first battle, and better armor, weapons, utilities and wheels/hoverblades are on a higher tier. Anyway, I can use GC to convert my Tier 2/3/etc. TP into Uber TP. Uber TP can be used for ANY upgrade, but you only have access to any below you or one above you. This means that someone with what is essentially a rocket launcher can go against other people you don-'t have rocket launchers. The thing is, though, is that hardly anyone gets premium or buys GC. Which means that everything I just said isn-'t really a problem. The actual game is very addictive, and lots of fun. All in all, I think that unless you reckon that -It-'s the thought that counts- when it comes to using real money in games, this game is worth the $0 it costs, and I would still buy it for $10 or even $15. Thanks for reading my wall of text, I just thought that this game was being treated unfairly.
Awesome game where you create your own little creature and control it, its tribe, its civilization and eventully it spaceship! Epic game good for people that like creating but theres tiny a problem with most stages:Creature stage has these huge auto-hate completly obnoxios creatures called epicsthat are WAY to overpowered.Tribal stage has an irratating camera.Civilization stage has guys that auto-attack sometimes which is annoying AND unreallistic but other than that, all in all, its an EPIC GAME (excuse the pun) and is 9.5/10 from me it may be expensive but, boy is it worth it!
