Extremely fun game - Got rid of nearly every annoying thing in Just Cause 2 and is a great game, heaps of stuff to do and it feels like there's a giant world to explore. I'd definitely recommend this to anyone but there are a few bad things about the game too.First of all the driving, and I can't stress enough how horrible it is. I love racing games and I play everything from Dirt 3 to Need for Speed to Grid, and I can tell you, the driving is not nice, and I don't enjoy it one bit. When you steer left or right it feels delayed, and the worst thing of all is this feeling of steering where you either steer barely at all, or any more than that and you completely swerve left or right. I tried using an xbox controller and it didn't feel any better.Next is the repetitiveness. Sure the world is big and there is a lot of bases and towns and all that, but everything is the same. All the military bases have the same stuff to destroy, and I can imagine I will get sick of destroying bases pretty soon. The towns you have to destroy are even worse, and there is no difference between towns, they all have basically the same set of goals to finish taking back the town. Only reason I wanna do all the towns and military bases is to unlock mods. Apart from these two things, I think it's a great game. The second thing about the repetitiveness in the game can't really be fixed, but the driving can be with an update and PLEASE PLEASE update the driving so I actually want to drive a car.Best thing in the game is the wingsuit/grapple/skydive system, fun to move around in and is a wonderful way to get around the world.Also people with performance issues if you're wondering I am running ultra @1080P 70-90fps with a GTX 970, 8GB Mem, and an i5-4570.
This game is really unrealistic. The running sucks, the controls suck and it's unrealistic. Better off getting America's Army: Proving Grounds for free. There's no-one to play with on the servers.
Warframe is a fun game you can play with your friends or spend long nights playing it by yourself, the combat is usually very fast paced and ridiculous (in a good sense). There are some issues though - Sometimes in levels you spend WAY too long running around. The gameplay can get very repetitive and boring, and for a beginner it's extremely hard to learn how to play as the shop and item system is quite complex.
