I can't say that this is a good game at all, unfortunately. While the art is charming in its own way, and the music may be to your liking... that's about all this game has going for it. Not quite sure if the music really fits the game either, but to each their own. The gameplay is uninspiring, to be honest - there are much better Bullet Hell and Shoot 'Em Up games around. The weapons, abilities, and enemies are all extremely limited.The Main Menu should be pretty important to a game, right? Well, I've had issues with it locking up, and it's all just a mess - it's far harder to navigate and use than it has any right to. This is compounded by the Options - not even the ability to turn off the music and sound effects? Pretty poor...The value, or the lack thereof, of the Trading Cards (1 gem or 4 cents at the time of writing) mean that even Trading Cards don't really make the game worthwhile.
I guess the concept is kind of interesting... many people (myself included) quite enjoy rail shooters in arcades. So... why not take the concept, but allow people to play in the comfort of their own home. Unfortunately, without the virtual gun, and with a not-quite-as-intuitive cover system, this rail shooter falls flat. Whether you play with a gamepad or keyboard and mouse - the controls are slow and sluggish, and the movements and animations just don't feel right. This is exacerbated by the Quick Time Events... probably one of my least favourite mechanics or gimmicks in any game - there is just no need for them, and they don't add anything to the gameplay experience except annoyance.Additionally, considering this is on PC... the limitations of a rail shooter are woefully exposed when compared to the vast array of FPS games already on the market: you are directed where to go with no freedom at all except to duck in and out of cover and pop off a few shots. Even in FPS games with very linear levels, at least you can look around a room: not so in a rail shooter.The audio for the game is pretty terrible, the weapons and explosions don't sound good at all. They sound generic, flat, and are of pretty low quality. The voice acting complements the poor soundtrack, with the voice actors not playing their part very well at all. This is compounded by the writing: not only is the overall plot of the game short and poor, but the dialogue is also poorly written, and is completely out of place.Then there are the visuals, which look... reasonable, I guess. Not great, but not absolutely terrible like everything else about this game. Still, the ability to be completely blinded and be completely unable to see anything at all by sun glare and the excessive muzzle flash are both major weaknesses. Realistic perhaps, but definitely not conducive to a fun game.For me, the only redeeming factor for the game is the progression, with the ability to pick perks after missions to customise your character.Skippable. Very skippable.
Lacking the ability to actually watch dogs aside (or... if you're so inclined, move bags to a truck and then to a boat for Hector), this game is quite solid, even if somewhat overhyped. I've heard of people experiencing quite a few issues, but the one issue I did encounter... was that my game is set to windowed mode by default. So, every so often, right click aim to left click shoot somebody would... close the game. But once, I set it to full screen, this problem disappeared, and I found myself quite enjoying the game.Sure some there may be downsides, but what game doesn't have downsides? The driving isn't great, so I find myself preparing to run everywhere. I also quite like the ability to travel on trains... it's something different. This of course, leads to the CTOS. The connections within the city, and how things link up together are quite interesting, especially when you chain hack cameras to get to your objectives without even needing to fire a shot, or enter the area. Hacking is quite the new mechanic, and while there isn't really anything new to it once you've done it a few times, it is very interesting and fun. Especially if you end up roaming and hacking a random passerby... for obscenely large amounts of cash they should not possibly have. Or you blow up a power box. Or change the traffic lights. Or, of course, activate blockers while being chased...Even without playing through the campaign, it is possible to have a lot of fun just free roaming around the map, helping ordinary civilians through crime prevention or doing other things like privacy invasion... The city of Chicago is realized quite well, and looks very nice. It is also interesting to see the detail put into every individual you encounter, and some of their descriptions, or vices, maybe, can be quite... amusing. As can some of the phone conversations or text exchanges you can listen in on or read.And last but not least: the campaign itself. While Watch_Dogs does not have an expansive cast of characters, they all accomplish their job quite well and the storyline is quite solid and interesting.Is it worth $75 (or maybe more or less, depending on where you live)? Maybe not, but the game is enjoyable. Watch_Dogs might not be a must-have, but it is certainly fun.
