For those briefly reading this review, if you like hardcore survival games, GET THIS ASAP.Now for the long and drawn out, probably needless, babble. *inhales deeply* Ever since I was a little boy I liked the idea of living in the wilderness. I live in a country town surrounded by Australian bushland and so my imagination was sparked very early on. To cut a long story short after getting a small taste of survival gaming with minecraft and watching probably too much Bear Grylls to be healthy I started looking formore hardcore experiences that would get me closer to living my dream.  So one fateful day I stumble upon this masterpeice of a game. I fell in love with the hardships I faced and the small victories I could claw from the grasp of mother nature. But I admit I got frustrated when I got so far and lost it all due to a silly mistake, then I learned the incredible art of BACKUP SAVES! So now this game is by far my favourite survival game and most certainly one of my top 10 favourites of all time.
It's  so good. I can't stop... send help.In all seriousness this is a great game. It's my first foray into this type of game and I love it. I hope the dev improves the game more because there are some things that it is lacking. I find the social interactions with the villagers to be shallow and I didn't really connect with them well. My best connection was with the fisherman Willy because we both liked to fish and that's as far as it goes. Luckily the dev is open to suggestions and we will hopefully see major improvements in the future. I have high hopes for this great game.
I was hoping this would be a complete revamp of pacific storm with awsome new things but instead I found the same old problems. Stupid ship AI, this reaaly gets me mad when my massive fleet beaches itself and gets bombed to bits by the enemy.  Even the new teams are awful. Some ships are just reskins of older ships and teams like russia, germany and france all are lacking things as simple as aircraft carriers and planes. This game is a real dissapointment but the orginal is still better.
This game is awsome. I would give it ten out of ten but as you cannot make a private server (as far as I know I may be wrong). Also going into a PVP world is scuicide for new players because you will be killed over and over again. To learn the game use a no PVP server.Tried a PVP server later. Very fun, then me and my freinds got raided :(. THen we found a place away from the main area and had fun without those RADSCABS (name we made for people who used rad zones). Unfortunatley they are going to add rocket launchers and night vision. WHAT HAPPENED TO CAVEMAN SIMULATOR!?!?!?!?
An amazing game. Using the physics of the real world. You can do anything you want really. And now with a multiplayer mod you can have space wars.
