Best game 10/10.I will hope to see this on the -MLG Pro Circuit-.Half Whale, half Horse 10/10
Im very half half on this game. I dont like the graphics and the sounds/music. But i like the arcanoid style gameplay. That made it seem very nostalgic for me. And also it added cool bosses, skills, and way to get items plus it had a storyline and quest to go with the whole thing making it a rpg/arcanoid game. Which i thought was cool. I did finish the game and i guess i enjoyed doing so. Even though core aspects of the game were bad in my opinion. Im still gonna give this game a thumbs up.
Sakura Clicker is in every form just another clicker game; just like Cookie Clicker, Clicker Heroes, etc. Just because this clicker game features Anime girls, with big boobs, and moaning sound effects, doesn-'t really seperate it in anyway from the rest of the genre. You could see these features as the games way to pull you in, just like a good opening paragraph. This game is practically endless, but can have a completionist end. To -complete- Sakura Clicker, you have to basically get every possible spirit upgrade. Spirit upgrades are basically this games way of making you want to play it more. You get spirits by restarting the game. You can only restart after getting a certain way into the game, which is usually inbetween Zone 13 to 20, with 20 being basically the have to restart point early on in the game, because of how long it takes to kill anything. These spirits allow you to buy upgrades (which I am hoping will have a definite end, if not, I will be spending way longer than anticipated playing this time waster of a game), which give you buffs for when you start over, to make you feel overpowered, and progress through the game faster, slowly reaching to the point where you quit last time, and hopefully passing that point. Now do I like this game? Well yeah, and it-'s not for any idiotic reason, like enjoying the moaning sounds (I have had the game muted most of the time, so that I can do other stuff while it is left in the background), but it is generally because it is a good time waster. If you see this game as anything but a time waster, then you have generally suprised me. If I would have to critique the game, I would say that it had a hard time running it along side normal internet activities, without giving my computer lag issues. This isn-'t necessarily a problem, because I can close the game, and just check on it within however long I chose to leave it dorment in my Steam library. But despite this not really being a problem, I would love an option to get rid of these laggy features (I am guessing the money flying all over the place is the main culprit for lag).I will recommend this game, because it will continue to fill in the gaps of my bored, shut in life. If you have nothing better to do, get Sakura Clicker, it-'s not like scrolling down your Facebook newsfeed, or watching dumb Youtube videos, are in anyway better than clicking on big breasted Anime girls.
Pirate dude blew me dryWitch of the lake sprayed all over meI fell into many holes10/10, would die again
I felt like a completionist playing Rochard. The whole plot i didn't really enjoy taking part in. It felt a bit kiddish and dumb. But that didn't stop me from enjoying the gameplay. The gameplay was quite cool and fun. And for a bad puzzle gamer. It felt a bit easy for a long time. But easily later in the game i got stuck. It was a good puzzle game for making someone like me enjoy it. So for that im gonna give it a thumbs up!
-Art style good besides some enemy textures.-Greatly written.-Good humor.-Very cheap.-Well made turn base combat system. -Amazing-Buy now-$$$
I see no point in a game like this. It was just place ships and then sit there and watch. I was constantly doing something else while waiting for it to end. Its a miracle that i put this much time into it. Sadly most boring game i have ever played.
I heard alot of good things about this game, but sadly it just was no fun. The game just didn't really get me excited during the time i played; and it seemed repetitive with the quest just saying kill this, detroy this, and collect this. I felt like i was playing a boring RPG, and I couldn't bring myself to play more.
