 Great game, for its time I remember when BioShock first came out and me and my older brother were in awe at how amazing it looked as the plane crashes into the ocean and flames engulf your vision in that opening cut-scene, we thought that this was the best looking a video game would ever get.A lot of time has gone by since then, and we were wrong, However this game is still really good and has stood the test of time. This game has a great story that can be progressed even further with the use of the audio logs scattered around the landscape and the game play mechanics are still outstanding and unique to this day, the use of plasmids and lack of ammo makes for some very thought provoking moments.The roar of the Big Daddys coupled with the soft murmurs of dialog from the Little Sisters from another room evoke a feeling of fear as you remember the last encounter that left you with little to no ammo or eve. In this game you definitely feel like you are nothing and could just be destroyed by anything any second, and this is very rare for games to do these days and is a great thing to experience.BioShock excels at evoking feelings whether it be the sadness or regret of harvesting a little sister or the nice feeling you get when you rescue a little sister and she runs off after thanking you profusely. But this game is somewhat unforgiving to you if you are yet to decide which route you want to take. Spoiler-Free Tip If you want a good ending, do not harvest any little sisters. SAVE THEM ALL.I harvested two and I was considered evil by the games standards which is something that I found disappointing as I thought there might be a system that would tally a ratio of harvests to rescues but that is not the case.Just remember: SAVE THEM ALLThere are also a few game-breaking glitches where alt+tab'ing will sometimes mess with the resolution or make it crash, I also came across a bug where the game lost 3 hours or so of save-games so I was forced back, and the game also crashed on the final cut-scene forcing me to replay the last section.Definitely worth playing, even today, you might just want to change some controls but after that you're good to go.tl;dr: Great game, even for today's standards, a bit unforgiving, and a bit buggy. Tends to crash. Still really good!
Fun game, quick simple shooting. I was very worried that this game would be bad due to the trailer with the man spitting straight meme fire, but its actually really fun, and a very good at not being pay to win as the best stuff you could buy is mainly cosmetic.
This game is great, if you liked the first game you will like this game even better.This game is the same for this series as Binding of Isaac: Rebirth is for the Binding of Isaac series.It has better music, better gameplay, better graphics, and best of all MORE TRICKS.It is still the same old infuriating goodness that was the first game and...If it ain't broke don't fix it.
It will take no time to play, it's a tiny download, there are no jumpscares, that is all you need to know and all you should know before going into this, just play it.
