I just wish people wouldn't do this asset flip stuff. Rest in peace originality.There's actually potential for a decent game here, if the gamemodes were a bit more varied rather than all the same thing, and the assets didn't cost $29.50 it could actually be a calming, fun flight sim. But alas, every gamemode is the same and the game was designed by somebody else...
The greatest artistic endeavour in the history of humankindIf you don't buy this gameYou're gonna have a bad time
This is the kind of masterpiece that proves gaming is a brilliant and beautiful art form. This deserves every award a game can get.
I could talk about the good art designOr the good soundtrackOr the bug-free gameplayBut I won'tInstead, I'll talk about the time that I ran around at the speed of light shooting beams of bullets and completely destroying the map.It's fun and cheap, just like your mumYou should totally buy it.
So, when this was given to me as a gag gift, and I played it, I found it to be... Not what I expected at all. It was a tiny square map with no scenery but a lamp, infinite waves of zombies that get stronger and grow in numbers as the levels go on, about 10 generic weapons and some completely over the top ones, and a soundtrack that you have to experience to understand why I can't talk about it.But to the point, if you get some friends online with you, this game is insanely unbelievably fun. Mainly because if you play alone you notice how frustrating the lack of anything on the map is, and how the fences get useless in the late game, and how that last death was total bullsh*t, and I guess that isn't a point in the game's favour but the absolute joy that comes with playing this co op excuses it.In summary, if you can convince your friends to buy it, you'll love it forever
This game is amazing. It's fun, original and clever. Everything just works, and from the music to the environments, this game is beautiful. There's just so much to do! You could be a space-pirate and go around looting every planet you come across, or you could build, and slowly expand across the universe, building a civilisation. The lore is rich, and that's almost a selling point. It's easy to get lost reading through the countless writings that are scattered through the universe, and some of the lore is a bit subtle too, like when there's a camp of mysterious beings sitting near a barrel on fire. I fully recommend this game, if you get the chance, buy it.
