Edit 2 years on.This game has barely changed since backing three years ago.The original concept and developer narrative was along the lines of story/quest implementation.This was changed to open sandbox and 3 years of development later there is barely any change, the same bugs exist; and the game is still broken (despite early access, of course).I would not even recommend this game as early access.  There are games I have backed that were more expensive, released after this and have been fully developed and released.The most updated feedback/development I remember seeing from Sauropod regarding this game was a Blog about how they moved office's...and were too bogged down/busy at that time to update changes they had promised.If I could get a refund on this waste of money, I would.  It is not the game that was originally pitched, which made me buy in.  It is a joke.---------------------------------------------------------2014 review below---------------------------------------------------------Waste of Money.The concept was great.  The timescale and development of broken mechanics is awful.The same bugs still exist almost a year on from the original release.  Posts from admin/devs addressing the issues give statements that the mechanics are being overhauled and refactored.This was the original message on release.  Several months later, when I checked back for any new improvements, and again it's still the message almost a year on.Save your money, nothing to see or do here.
I forgot how addictive and good this game is.  Played it non-stop over a weekend on release then moved for a new job and forgot about it.Saw the DLC sale today, insta bought and have been playing all night.  Need to head to bed, but want to keep on playing.  It's a feel good game, with challenge and pace as you progress.Some you win, some you loase...but it's great fun along the way!If you're thinking of buying it during a sale,I highly recommend; bargain.
Easily the best game that I own, and the extra bonus is that it was free.I've spent 1000+ hours in this game, despite having over 200 games on steam, and they don't come close in hours spent playing collectively.So, why is Dota 2 so good?Classic strategy - like any game of chess. Each game is completely different, and more so in Dota as there are 10 players each game, with over 100 heroes to choose from.Like any good online team game, it has it's *classes - is say classes, because you need support, carries and dps.  Although in most public games you'll find everyone wants to be a carry and nobody will support :pThe online community for the most part is pretty decent.  It seems the trolls on the forums have the biggest mouths in Dota - and when you're learning the game, you get matched with these guys.As you get a few games/hours under your belt, you progress into better public matchmaking - and there's less tantrums, and more coordinated gaming.Overall I'd give Dota 2 a 9/10 - it has it's flaws, but those are issues that fall outside gameplay, and reside within the community :p
Jumping on the bandwagon to agree with this being the true successor to Diablo/2.  I've put many hours into the beta, and it's an awesome game, best of all it's free . . .and NOT pay to win :)
Epic...couldn't sleep last night...played this and time flew by, was afternoon, before I'd realised I'd been up all night...so addictive, and cheap :)
Excellent free multiplayer shooter
