Brawlhalla reminds me of Super Smash Bros. Back in the day I used to love versing my friend on Super Smash Bros Melee on their GameCube, and because of those memories, I really love this game. First of all, let's go over the positives. That may seem backwards, but it'll lead up to my major gripe with this game.Positives:Really responsive gameplay on keyboard: I myself play with the Mouse and Keyboard set up. I feel like I'm always hitting what I should and missing what I should, the developers have done an awesome job with this, even though I live in Australia and we need to play on SE Asian matchmaking.Cool characters: I myself love playing a plethora of different characters such as Bodvar, Teros, Asuri, Orion and Lucien, and the lore that the devs put into the little world they've created really sucks me in. I love reading their lore when I'm waiting for friends to launch the game (which launches surprisingly fast), or if I'm just not playing at that moment.Awesome Lore: I know I touched on the lore when it came to the above positive, but I believed I had more to say about it. I simply love the lore, and the little tidbits they have around the character's main lore show how they relate to other characters and also what they did before arriving in Valhalla.And now, the:Negatives:Really, the only negative I can find is the spammability of the characters. Keep in mind, at the time of this review I have only 10 hours, so don't take my opinion like it's law, but that's my major gripe. Whenever I go up against a Hattori in my current 1v1 or even 2v2 ELOs (Both Bronze as of 16/11/2015), she seems to spam her Directional Heavy (Left/Right Rightclick/Rightbumper/K/X) every time I come close, so whenever I'm playing a character like, say, Teros, who's Heavy attacks need to be timed down to the split second, I feel at a disadvantage, and it always seems that way aswell, as whenever I believe I'm close to getting my Player Elo back to Silver, I get dropped down by a button mashing Hattori.That's the positives and negatives I've found with this game in my 10 hours of gameplay, they've done a very good job for a F2P game.And the moment you've all been waiting for, the  TL:DR VERSION! All in all, the game is pretty polished in a lot of the major areas, but there is also that, in my opinion, too-small gap of player skill. There's skilled players in the low to high elos and Not-So-Skilled spammers in the even higher elos. That being my major and only problem. Either way, I can totally recommend this to fans of Super Smash Bros and other Fighting Action Platformers.
This game is a must have for anyone who is into fast-paced strategy fighting games. It's also very challenging. You will die atleast 5 times every boss battle, trying to figure out the strategy to finally take the boss down, all the while somehow enjoying it. Once you finally beat each boss, the way you finish him off is always so satisfying. Might just be me, but I love this game because of how satisfying all of it is. If you want to kill a ♥♥♥♥ ton of people for seemingly no reason but to progress through the well layed out, amazingly amazing story, then get this game.10/10 would play again.
