Its challenging and interesting. With game elements such as Tower Defense and Turn-Based/Real-Time components, the current alpha will take some thinking to get through, even if it is only a few levels.The goal of the game is to explore the -Dungeon- to find the exit point. The exit point isnt for your characters, but rather an Artifact that you must protect and transport. The Artifact isnt solely for the Capture the Flag purpose, it must be defended whilst you are exploring the dungeon, since all damage done is taken out of an important resource that can only be gained through exploring, killing enemies and selling items (from what I have discovered).By Turn-Based, we can classify the turns as the opening of a new room. You build up your defenses and manage resources/heroes in real time, with no chance of being attacked. As soon as a door is opened, there is a chance of gaining loot, meeting a character, or initiating a wave of aliens. The aliens may not only come from that room, but other rooms that you have opened that have no line of sight. So by using the free time, you prepare your defenses for the eventuality that the aliens come. You move your characters in Real Time and can build structures during alien waves (albeit at a slower rate) to defend.When you are completing the goal of transporting the diamond to the end point, it triggers an All or Nothing alien swarm spawn, with large, endless waves of aliens preventing you from completing the final goal. Yes, you may get the diamond to the end, but can all your heroes survive? Their deaths will carry on to the next level, and you need all hands on deck. Did you use too many resources levelling up/healing or building structures? The leftovers also carry over to your next game. The graphics are not really an issue. There is a factor of fun I really enjoy. I am not sure if multiplayer could be incorporated into this game, uunless it is a coop - pvp fight against the aliens, cooperating or fighting to get the artifact to the exit first. Many hopes for this game that it turns out as well as i had fun playing it.
