If there was a -meh- rating here, i would choose it. Watch dogs brings a lot of new and interesting ideas to the table but also has a lot of things that can become annoying after a while. Like the story. At first i really liked the story, but by the end i feel like the Devs just threw everything at the wall to see what stuck and along with that they sequal bait so hard its so ridiculous. Even throughout the game, only a few characters are really interesting, making the story lacking at bestThe gameplay is basically GTA but with a hacking twist. Basically you may use the hacking ability to manipulate the world around you leading to some interesting car chases between the cops. After a while though, the hacking becomes repetative from riding the cameras to just doing basic hacking things. The covers system is also annoying because when i need to get out of cover quickly, My character has a resistance to leave. This is due to the cover latching system. For when your get into cover Aiden latches onto it. Also the game is very short and most of the missions arent very variedThe graphics are okay. While the lighting effects are very good, the rest of the games graphics kinda meld together into a mesh of bland colors and basic texturesWhile the graphics arent terrible they arent worth celebrating.Also the vigilante system is a total pain. If your reputation decreases too much the cops start constantly harassing you meaning that you cant really go on massive killingSprees without the reputation system ♥♥♥♥ing you over. Money is very easy to aquire and doesnt really have a need to worry about your cash supplies. All in all, watch dogs isnt very good. But it isnt the worst game ever. The profiler is very interesting, the gun combat is very good, and while i did complain about the vigilantesystem it does offer a different aproach to combat. But then the game throws bad design choices at you that ruin your gameplay experience. As i said at the begginning of the review, if there was a meh rating i would choose it.
This game isnt scary. Enemies are stupid and lack A.I. You do the same thing over and over agian. Your put in a arena and stuck with the task of collecting a item to advance foward. Your stuck with a enemy in the arena. If your not doing that your stumbling through a dark hallway or court yard. This game is just jump scares. Jump scares are not horror. The story is a joke too. If you take the time to read the story, its very under whelming. Its also extremly boring even if you do read it. The ending is crap too, leaving much to be desired. While there are cool concepts like the camera, night vision, and look behind mechanic (which is actually the best thing ever) its too hidered by boring gameplay, stupid A.I, and jump scares. If you want a better game, go by Amnesia: The Dark Descent. Its so much better and creepier than this game and has some puzzles. Also there is no point to have The Twins be nude. Its just odd.
It is a decent game. Gameplayi is solid. Unlike Minecraft or other games of its caliber, its more based on survival. It has multiple playable characters and steam workshop. It may get old but its still a lot of fun. They also update it once in a while to keep it interesting.
