For those of you who would prefer to watch instead of read here is a link to Dead State Early Access Beta Gameplay Episode #1 (EDIT - Since so many people have responded to the first video I will be continuing with the series - so here is a link for the whole playlist)http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pC7b0sY19sE&list=PL0RToCxuZ2f1MePau5mnJjNabMlPZlNvP&feature=shareFor some other first impressions - I backed this on Kickstarter many many many months ago and have been following it quite closely ever since ... It seemed to promise to have the social interaction of The Zafehouse Diaries with tactical turn based combat and a healthy amount of base builing mechanics ... I have played through the first day a couple of times trying out different things (and am looking forward to diving into Day 2 and beyond)A couple of things ... There has been some confusion over simple mechanics such as how to exit the school for the first time and enter onto the world map ... having a tooltip or even a simple hovering pointer would stop this being a point of difficulty for first time players ... also if you are unable to sleep in your bed because you cannot select continue ... simply increase your games resolution and the continue icon will be clickable!Those two bugs aside ... the game plays exactly like I hoped it would ... the combat is brutal and unforgiving (I lost a character to a stupid decision in less than 2 seconds ... dead ... gone ... forever!)  ... I have high hopes for the base building and the social interaction mechanics but as of right now ... this is a solid early access demo and as long as you go into it acknowledging that it IS an early demo/beta then you will not be dissapointed!Looking forward to the whole game!!SloshworksPS - Please make the zombie walking animation in combat just a tiny bit faster ;-)
http://youtu.be/EobPYzFICy4I still remember getting my copy of the original Battle Chess as a young boy and being fascinated by finding out what all the different animations were ... being amazed by the humour behind it (not knowing at the time how much of it was basically Monty Python-esque) and playing against my friends for hours ... Some of the combat animations still make me giggle today when I think of them .... ahh childhood memories ... I bought this early access over the weekend with hesitant optimism ... I spent a while playing around with it and the game definitely has promise ... some of the transitions bug out a little bit ... and some of the cuts are a bit jarring ... but the foundations are there for a faithful sequel to the original ... the humour is there (even if some of it feels a little bit forced) ... and there are now multiple combat animations for each 'combination' of pieces! ... What I would love to see is them making it a bit more adult (more blood! more brutal combat animations) even if that is an option you have to select ... and also additional character sets (medieval is already there ... but what about fantasy, futuristic, etc ... how awesome would that be!) ...I can't comment on the AI yet as I played a game on easiest just to have a look around at how the whole thing fitted together ... but all chess games live or die by their AI so I hope that in this day and age we have a great AI ...All in all I think they are headed in the right direction ... and hopefully they will be able to smoothen out the bumps and make this a game that I will be playing in years to come ...
I have been playing this game since the first minute I could download it when the beta went live ... it has gone from a game that my very decent computer was barely able to run ... to the smooth shiny beast that we have today ... this game is hard ... especially on the hardest difficulty ... and it does give you a huge number of ways to tackle all the problems ... I have done multiple series on YouTube of the different versions of the beta ... I have found bug after bug and struggled to find my way around ... and I have loved every single minute of it ...http://youtu.be/BaPTV68PRMkIf you are interested I am doing a complete playthrough - all secrets - all dialogue - all the game on the hardest difficulty ... see above ...But what do I really think of the game ... If I take my fan-boy hat off ... actually I am going to leave it firmly on ... the first Wasteland is the game that defined my childhood and the open world ... freedom to do what ever you want ... freedom of choice kind of game I have been looking for ever since ...I have waited 25 years for this game ... Does it live up to my expectations ... yes it does ... it has the same heart the old game did ... your choices mean something ... they have an effect on the story around you ... there are consequences that ripple out from things that you do ... the world is just what I remember ... although I miss Needles and Quartz so very much ...The game is not perfect ... but it is everything that I wanted ... the combat is fantastic ... the art direction is great ... I would have liked better character modesl for my rangers but that is ok ... I can't wait to finish this and then start again at the beginning and do it differently ...Brian Fargo ... you have made my childhood dream come true ... and bugs and issues taken into account ... this is one of the best games I have played in years ...
Carmageddon Reincarnation ... in 15 minutes! - first impressions/delight and memories and a review.http://youtu.be/7HWXX-JWdh8I am a life long fan of the franchise ... my teenage years were spent playing this to try and out do the replays my friends had achieved ... I have logged literally thousands of hours ... and I am a very enthusiastic Kickstarter backer ... This is a quick review because it is VERY late ... I am not let down one bit ... it is an early access game but everything that should be here is here ... it is wonderful and I felt like I was transported back to when I was 13 and playing this with my friends watching ... taking turns to see who could cause the most carnage ...  A more in depth review will follow tomorrow 8-)My money has been VERY well spent 8-)
Sunless Sea is a roguelike exploration game that throws you into a great ocean far under Neath the ground with only the light from your boat and a darkness full of terrors ... http://youtu.be/hoTEllvfgh4If you would like to check out my first impressions please follow the link ...The game itself is in early access and is constantly being updated ... yes there are areas that are empty ... you are warned with a 'this area has not been completed' message when you sail into them ... the game is hard ... and brutal ... at the beginning ... you will probably die quite quickly ... not necessarily at the claws/hands of an monster but rather from starvation, fire or mutiny ...The art style is superb ... the darkness seems foreboding ... the many reefs under the water add a great sense of depth to the water below you ... the music is atmospheric and perfect (the album is on Spotify as well I think) ... I played the previous verson (pre-Steam release) for several hours and thoroughly enjoyed the way the story was told ... it really relies on the player to make their own story ... to read into what is going on around them ... and I can only imagine how much more vast the story is going to become ...Combat isn't the greatest thing at the moment ... but it is satisfying and I am looking forward to owning larger ships with more options in the future (I am sure this will be part of the game) ...All in all a great early access title ... a unique concept that is done really well ... with a huge potential to grow ... and another game I am stoked to have backed on KickStarter Sloshworks
I am an enormous fan of Bastion - and have been following the development of Transistor with hesitant optimism ... Wondering if they will be able to capture that same magic that Bastion had ... since it was such a unique and new voice in video games when it first came out ...I can say ... without a doubt ... that they have captured all of the magic that made Bastion great ... and that the music, the art style, the narration, the combat system ... just everything about this game is everything I had hoped it could be .... I am only a small part through the game but already while I am typing this ... I am thinking about the game ... and the world that is there to explore ... and the small touches they have used to bring that world to life around you ...SuperGiant Games have done an absolutely incredible job ... this is a game everybody should play ... at least once! 8-)For those who would rather see the art and hear the music ... here is the first part of my playthrough of the game 8-)http://youtu.be/_VyK-fCNSNA
Paper Sorcerer reminds me of so many games (and memories) from my childhood.  The music takes me back. The turn based combat takes me all the way back to Bards Tale III - Thief of Fate and Wasteland (1) back on my Commodore 64 in the late 80's.  The graphics are striking and actually quite beautiful in their simplicity (I really like the shadow effects and the feeling of looking down over the edge into the blackness with just a few lines of white going down is amazing).http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-OArUULCiqg&feature=share&list=PL0RToCxuZ2f1_bW3t4MB5xADBZSYClBnlThe combat is both interesting and involved ... and whenever you seem to feel that you are overpowered and don't have to worry this game seems to throw something at you that reminds you to pay attention.  The wide variety of summons/minions that you get to pick from (limit of 3 at a time) gives you a huge range of different party types.  Don't worry about out levelling old minions though as they actually level up with you regardless which means you can swap minions in and out at will (outside combat) and try out new combinations for particular situations (for example the Abomination is perfect for dealing with spellcasters but only does light healing compared to the Witch) ... Don't be fooled into thinking this game isn't trying to trick you!  The secrets go from being simple and obvious to being down right fiendish (and you can stuff up and permanently be unable to find some of them!!!) This game is fantastic ... it is potentially the most fun game I have played in a very long time and the developer has done an amazing job bringing the Kickstarter to its full potential!The game is $5.00 ... if you don't try it you are missing out on one of the best games for a long time ...Sloshworks
Trials Fusion in 15 minuteshttp://youtu.be/HS_mC4_R0w0Trials Fusion is a worthy addition to the team ... even though the futuristic backdrop feels a little bit against the grain of the series ... there was something special about the redneck vibe that previous games had ... but the graphics and the new types of bikes are pretty damn amazing ...The game follows pretty much the same path as the others ... the easy tracks are really easy ... the hard tracks are really hard ... and I am yet to manage to finish an extreme track ... The addition of the FMX tracks is pretty damn cool as well ... I have found lots of amazing tracks on Track Central - but also some terrible ones ... and this is the way with user created content ... but I don't see myself getting bored of this game any time soon ...Really looking forward to online multiplayer when it finially arrives ...Worth getting ... and looking forward to the season pass DLC content too!Slosh
I backed this game on Kickstarter based on what seemed like a quirky and fun idea and I have played all of the different builds that HalfBus have put out so far ... and I can definitely say that their game is starting to take shape ... If you are interested in seeing a full run you can watch my video here - https://youtu.be/-9L9VFvJpqkI didn't enjoy the previous build as much as this one ... the way the game worked didn't seem to be as much fun ... but this one has so much promise ...The game can get quite frantic as you try and work your way across the map while keeping control of the dealers behind you ... and you are constantly thinking ... do I save money and fight or do I pay the bribe and keep all of my guards alive this time ... do I lose some in order to afford the next type of 'cook' ... I really enjoyed playing the game all the way through to victory ... which took around about 50 minutes ... I am really looking forward to more features and just to see where this game goes ...Oh by the way ... the music in this is perfect ... it swells dramatically at points adding to the feeling of impending failure ...
