I porsinali cen nit rocement tis geme enof. is pefectin in erth. i lov dis gam. i wold fick t fi i culd. 10000000000000000000000/69 wuld ♥♥♥ egin. parfet datng samulitine
This is an exellent game, with a great story, great gameplay and characters you won't be forgeting soon, this game has everything! If you havn't played it yet, I highly suggest you do so. I give it an almost perfect score of 9.5/10.
How Squishy the Suicidal Pig works...Try to get yourself killed, don-'t over-complicate it...Get to a key level, tries to not die...100 attempts later completes level...realizes that 1 apple was missed...500 attempts later completes level with all applesContinues on with game...Reach another key level...Throws computer out of window...-Like Skyrim, but with suicide and no open world 10/10- -IGNI recommend this game to anyone who has a computer they no longer need...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FGC_a7AF7nQ&list=UUtBJg-rAtauKzhQdzWLZ3MAThis is the link to my full youtube review, but if you just want a brief review, bad controls, bad story, ok, but highly repetetive music, ok graphics.In total 7.8/10 could be better (actually 2.875/10)
This is a great open world style RPG, that is very immersive. In this game you fight Dragons, Barbarians, Vampires, Witches and so much more, all within the first 10 hours. This game is here to impress, with a great combat system and choices that actually mean something, e.g. do you join the Stormcloaks or the Imperials?, this is a tough choice as either can change the game quite a bit. Another great thing is that you can do things at your leasure, so if you get bored doing the main sort of story, you can start a sidequest or two like the Thieves guild or the Dark Brotherhood quests, which are a very fulfilling part of the game. No matter what there is always something to do, with dungeons refreshing every few days, and if you start playing with all of the DLC, well you have a heck of an adventure waiting for you. If you want my opinion of a score out of 10, I would give it a pretty much perfect 9.5/10.
Ace of spades started out as a pretty good game, but as time went on it just went down hill. This game used to have some people who wern't actually 10 year olds who rage at you if you do anything, but now people will kick you off a server if you so much as destroy a block. Something else that ruined the game was all the unnecessarly nerfs that just made the game less fun, one of the worst when they made the sniper rifle into a lazer pointer, which pretty much defeated the point of sniping. The only slightly entertaining game mode is classic, as it is somewhat balanced. As for the dlc maps, no one plays them so you basiclly wasted $5 if you bought them. Over all, I am saddend by the monstrocity that has become Ace of Spades, so the highest score I could possibly give it is 3/10.
So first off, let-'s just say I don-'t particularly like this game. And when I say that I don-'t like this game, I mean that I really don-'t like this game.I got this game on release day, installed it on release day, played around 2 hours on release day. It was a weird experience to say the least. I think that pretty much everyone who picked up this game on release day was expecting something that was literarily just -terraria in space-. This game is anything but that. From a terraria perspective, the characters are a weird size, seeming just too big. The game is similar to starbound with the way you mine and build things, but starbound just feels more complete. The game has a weird graphics style that just doesn-'t quite complete. It seems a bit rough around the edges. I am not saying that no one could love it, just that I can-'t. If you own Terraria and want a similar experience, then get Starbound. -But I already have Starbound- you say? Wait for an update to Terraria and then you will be right.If you own Startbound and want a similar experience, then get Terraria. -But I already have Terraria- you say? Wait for an update to Starbound and then you will be right.I cannot recommend this game for the simple reason of there are already games out there that do everything this game does but better; want a great 2D building/exploring/sandbox experience? Get Terraria. Want a great 2D space building/exploring/sandbox experience that isn-'t quite complete, but still great?. Get Starbound. Want some weird space thing? Get Defy Gravity.P.S. Just as a warning for this game, there are save wipesP.P.S. I have also played this game since release day, enough to find form valid arguments about this game.
Well what is there to say about Goat Simulator the you probably wont pick up on from the name? This is a entertaining game were you play as, obviously, a goat. Now this isn't just any old goat, but an undieing goat that can survive being run over by cars, blowing up petrol stations and jumping of high rise buildings. This game is a great sandbox, with plenty to do for the first few hours, but after that, it starts to get a bit boring. After you have unlocked all of the goats there really isn't much else to do but find the not so well hidden, hidden goat statues and to hunt achievements. There aren't a lot of these goat statues and they are pretty easy to find, so aside from using the tone of comunity content made for this game, there isn't a lot of actually substence to it. This is still a highly entertaining game and well worth the $10, so I give it 7.5/10.
TF2 is a great fps multiplayer expirience and it is just a big bonus that it is free. This game has some very unique gameplay experience, mainly that there are 9 very different classes that are genuinely fun to play. There is also a very large amount of unique weapons, most of them are very fun to use. Pretty much my only critisism is that valve havn't added weapons for quite a while. Overall this is an amazing experience that is very entertaining, I give it 9.25/10.
-Towns is an amazing experience to have. It may seem tough and unforgiving when you first play it, but the more you play it and the more you learn, the more you will enjoy it! This game doesn-'t hold your hand the whole way through which isn-'t a bad thing. One bad thing about this game though is that the tutorials make absolutely no sense and doesn-'t really help at all. This game will make you manage a colony of people, while dealing with things like starvation and monsters. It is by no means an easy game, but if your up for a challange, then I really must recommend this game because, even though it is not perfect, it is still entertaining. I give it a 6/10.- -Snubbo 2014Well, I see that my oppinions have greatly changed. This was the period when I was engrossed in this game. Let-'s just say that I no longer find any enjoyment out of this. This is a game with tutorials that are about as easy to understand and Astro Physics, the difficulty curve makes it really hard for newcomers and really annoying for anyone else. In this game you build a town, get people to move in, manage the food, water, ect. Eventually you may even get a warrior to move in. The problem is keeping your people alive, with the management system not quite working, which is a big problem in a game that is all about managing. Here is an example...You set some of you villagers to start picking apples, drop them off, and then cook them into pies. You then get the rest of your crew to go mining, with the help of some warriors. After about 20 seconds the warriors decide to wander off, 2 of the 5 you had get themselves killed, on the way to the apple and pear trees your villagers manage to drown themselves, the rest come up from mining to find no food and then die from starvation on the way to pick apples.The result is a game that doesn-'t want you to enjoy it too much. Final score? Get a better game/10
