It is my pleasure and absolute honour to review Project CARS.This game is by far one of the best and most enjoyable simulator car games I've played.I'm an avid fan of all types of racing games, from arcade to simulator and a cross of both.If you are a simulator freak, then this game is for you.Firstly, the selection of cars that are available on this game will be abundant enough to keep you playing for hundred of hours. From Road cars to Touring and GT cars, to Formula A/B/C, vintage racing models (and even GO-KARTS!); players will be busy running through all the different competitions and racetracks in career mode.The track selection is quite ideal; they have long racing tracks for fast cars, small tracks with lots of turns for the nippy lower CC cars, even smaller tracks for go-karts, and also highways (YES HIGHWAYS) for road cars.There is however, no rally/drift cars and tracks available (I heard they are releasing this in Project CARS 2 - something to look forward to).The graphics is appealing, the cars and tracks are well designed to look like their real life counterparts. The physics is astonishing. When it is raining you can hear the raindrops pouring/dripping onto your windscreen and even on the roof; then comes the sound of your windscreen wipers as it brushes the water through, which to me is so immersive that I felt a sudden rush of cool air as I was driving (sounds crazy right?!)You can change the paintjob/decals of your cars in the garage which I think is pretty cool. Career mode is great. You can alter the length of races so for those who don't want to grind it out, you can specify the amount of laps per race they are willing to race. Or why not challenge yourself if you are a freak and do the 24 hour Le Mans race?! =) The choice is yours. As you win races in career mode, your newsfeed/Fan chat lights up with Twitter messages showing praises/criticism (depending on your performances) from all around the world. You will progress and secure better contracts for better teams OR promoted to a better Tier of racing.Last but not least, the car setups are so realistic that you could spend hours just practicing and finding the ideal setup for your car on each track. As for driving itself, you can turn off all aids and immerse in the full manual experience with manual clutch and shifters and even manual start your engine when it stalls (oh my god right). Or if you're not so hardcore, you can always use paddle shifters/manual sequential (and of course Automatic, but who drives on Auto!)A small minority of people have said that the online experience can be quite buggy, personally I have found the online system to have no bugs/glitches/lag so far. I've even managed to play with my cousin for a few hours on 450 ping with no issues. That being said, the single player experience is enough to keep most players engaged and appealed.I could go on forever but I'll end it here. Project CARS is an amazing simulator experience. The only negative I would point out is the AI. When you are driving certain tracks and heading around corners, they just seem to stick to one racing line and if you happen to cross their line, they will bump and clean you up, causing you to spin/crash etc.I'm giving it at least a 9/10, and looking forwards to writing my review for Project CARS 2 when it comes out; if they input in rally and drift cars/tracks. Recommend to play this game on a good set of wheel and pedals, with decent gear shifters.
Football Manager 2016 is by far the best Football Manager series that has been made under the Sports Interactive series thus far.Online modes and realism of the match engine has been hugely improved, and a whole lot of frustrating bugs and exploits have been addressed and fixed - much to football lovers satisfaction.The input of Prozone for match statistics brings huge depth into game analysis.There is also a cool fantasy drafting/transfer as well as challenge modes added to this year's game.Overall 5/5 and will keep any football crazy fan engaged for hundreds of hours.
NBA 2K16 is the best basketball game that has been produced to date under the 2K series.MyTeam is incredibly fun and easy to build a Dynasty, you can build a sick roster within 6 hours of gameplay; and there are plenty of scenarios and challenges to complete to unlock historic, throwback and other amazing cards.With Spike Lee's creativity added to MyPlayer, the whole mode has become so in-depth and immersive that you almost feel like you are beginning and going through an entire career of basketball yourself. There's also a cool MyPark mode now that allows you to challenge other people online in.New to this year is the 2KTV, which has lots of interviews and content with current and former basketball stars; that you can just view at your leisure and earn easy VC points. During these videos, there are also trivias and other options available to keep you further engaged.Graphics and gameplay are heavily improved, although pick and roll is still imbalanced!Not to mention that 2K are constantly bringing in new skins, and shoes when connected to Steam updates.Overall 5/5 and definitely would recommend this to basketball lovers.2K Sports has taken sports gaming to a whole new level and are showing to EA Sports how much fun playing MyTeam can be without having the need to spend any cash (compared to the boring and endless grind of FIFA Ultimate Team).
Dark Souls is an action role-playing game set in an open environment. The game evolves around the player character who escapes from an asylum and soon learns the prophecy of being selected as the chosen undead, who must succeed in undoing the undead curse.The game's plot is minimalistic, and varies based upon how much the player explores. There is little guidance and lack of direction given. The player must come to his/her intuition as to which path one must take, which can ultimately lead to a dead end, desired destination or even branching paths.This game is not just an ordinary casual RPG. It is a survival RPG for hardcore players who seek a challenge, as dying is frequent and mini-bosses are abundant. To add to that, monsters deal a lot of damage and players must learn to time their blocks and attacks rather than hack n' slashing. Save points are limited and scattered far from one another. The game evolves around the concept of using deaths to teach players to learn from their mistakes, as well as how to react in almost relentlessly hostile environments. From experience, there has not been many RPGs that has challenged me the way Dark Souls has. I must reiterate: this game is EXTREMELY difficult.The button mapping and camera controls for keyboard is messy. If one were to consider buying this game, it is a PREREQUISITE to have a gamepad/controller or you will be in for a hard time. The graphics is not the best, but it is made up by the deep gameplay and non-stop action.Overall, Dark Souls is a quality RPG game that challenges players to a new level. It is matched with sheer happiness and relief upon progress and completion. If adventure is to surprise and mystify you and invite you to uncover the secrets of a forgotten world, then Dark Souls is a great game for you. If entertainment is fun without failure and progress without pain, you'll have to find another game.
Serious Sam 3: BFE (BIG ♥♥♥♥ing EDITION) is a first-person action shooter, which takes place during the Earth’s final struggle against Mental’s invading legions of beasts and mercenaries. Set against the collapsing temples of an ancient civilization and the crumbling cities of 22nd century Egypt, the game features a huge amount of over the top gunplay, funny characters, weird enemies and fantastic levels.The CO-OP is fantastic, which allows up to 16 players blowing ♥♥♥♥ up.A recommendation for anyone that loves shooting up mayhem and having a good laugh with buddies.#Note: The game has an option to run in third person view, which may provide a suitably enjoyable gaming experience for those who prefer TPS or have motion sickness in FP view.
Payday 2 is a four-player cooperative first person shooter which is a sequel to Payday: The Heist. This game involves up to a team of 4 players performing bank heists and robberies. Gameplay has been HEAVILY (and I mean HEAVILY!) improved and expanded since its predecessor. Instead of running-and-gunning, more emphasis is put on the cooperation of players. Using unique abilities such as stealthing, as opposed to a noisy approach rewards players with better paydays, making this game suitably enjoyable for both the casual and hardcore gamers! :)The game features character skill levelling, to be added into customisation skill trees of choice: Mastermind, Enforcer, Technician, or Ghost; all of each has its role and has individual unique traits and abilities that can be mixed-matched per player's preference. Not one skill tree can be said to be better than the other, and this is massively important in co-op. It focusses on having a team of players who specialise in separate skill trees, to successfully complete missions.Unlockable weapons (gun-mods!) and masks (patterns and materials!) makes the game rewarding and even more addictive and exciting.Huge NOTE to point out:Overkill Software are constantly balancing out skill trees, adding new weapons and masks, as well as missions as time goes by to keep players engaged in the game. The developers have done an amazing job in making the game much MUCH better than its predecessor. There is not one feature I can think of that has not superceded those of Payday: The Heist. The fact that Overkill software is such an amazing company makes buying the game and supporting the developers worthwhile.Hopefully more updates to come! Gimme moar weapons, masks and missions!!!
Alan Wake's American Nightmare builds on the plot on that of Alan Wake.The story involves Alan Wake's usual nightmares but this time, his 'evil-twin' a.k.a. Mr. Scratch is terrorising nearby towns and turning them into darkness, setting a trap that turns back the time over and over again. Alan Wake travels from place to place: a barren wasteland, to an observatory, and a drive-in theatre, in an attempt to restore light and stop the darkness so he can confront Mr. Scratch and defeat him.Overall the game is an expansion on that of its predecessor, adding on a variety of weapons that are unlockable by collecting manuscripts, which encourages exploration of the entire map. Unfortunately, the experience is cut short due to the lack of missions available in this expansion.Nonetheless, a decent game and one I would truly recommend if one has completed its predecessor.P.S. Check out my other review for details on Alan Wake.
