Animu Waifus.Oh wait. There are three of them!Let's talk about Japan, their food, idols and ANIME!!Overall, it is a enjoyable game with it's share of a stupid character. (i.e. you. He's a freaking dumbass)What is my life right now
This game is a beautiful game that shows a new storyline, the same location and a new combat style that changes the pace from the first game. Visually this game is beautiful, and exploring Rapture again was encredibly enjoyable. Being an actual Big Daddy makes you feel more badass, unlike in the first game,  which just makes you feel like a person with a Big Daddy Suit  This is a very underrated game that has a dense storyline, beautiful setting and a new way of approaching combat.I recommend this game with the whole of my heart and everyone who buys this game will enjoy it.
This Game is laggy for my computer because mine kinda sucks but this game is incredibly hard and challenges your hand-eye co-ordination with a single key for a finger and also needs your mouse, but this game is more for mucking around so this game is incredibly enjoyable and funny. i recommend this to anyone who has a great computer and is incredibly bored.
PayDay 2 on the difficulty scale -Normal - -lolwut-Hard - -Ain-'t even hard-Very Hard -Dude, do you even cloak?-Overkill - -When you walk outside and there-'s like 100 tasers-Death Wish - -It-'s harder than Anal-
It-'s a great TDM style game.Motto of the game - git gud skrub.not Call of Duty 10000/1010/10 IGN -Would Play again-
Better than MineCraft
Far Cry 3 is an extrodinary game, but there are some bugs with the Sniper Rifle and Recurve Bow Scopes, with the Crosshair invisible, which in my case I cannot fix, which is incredibly annoying but you will eventually get used to putting the enemy on the middle of the screen, but the gameplay in general is great with an open world experience, where you can explore and do whatever you want, so it is very enjoyable. In conclusion, this game is very enjoyable to people who like open world environments, with massive amounts of firearms and stealth.
This is an enjoyable game at first with a variety of different and creative weapons this can make you buffed or less buff, it WILL get repetetive after a while and it becomes incredibly boring but like Left 4 Dead 2 playing the game with breaks will make it more enjoyable.
