Hi Gamer'sRemember this is an EA title: This is a good little game given a two(2) man development team. Visuals are excellent and doe's immerse the player in an underwater environment well, the audio futher cements the experiance. The current maps are a fair size for this type of deathmatch shooter. Game mechanics seem strong, and the shooting (especially player vs player) is great fun, at times frustrating to land that killer blow. The maps are set out so that you need to collect O2, weapons, and other useful items. This allows for nice little ambush's to occur. The shark mode is interesting and fun to play as well. Good fun to play with a few friend's in Deathmatch and in the co-op mode. All in all a well done game, only lacking in player base thus far. And so far the developers have been genuinely interested in player feedback, and are open to it so as to further drive the vision they have for it. So what have you got to lose give it a go.Aris
Hi GamersI play this simply for the co-op, and its is great fun. Scratches the itch for a solid tactical shooter, but remains barebones enough and is good for a casual bash with friends or others online. Well worth the purchase just if you are interested in the co-op, as more content has been released and it has a good amount of mods also.Game on!Aris
Hi AllGet it.
G'day GamersJust do yourself a favor and buy it. This is a well produced game with lots of content and well done story telling. The expansions are excellent (for a dlc it has far more content than alot of AAA games). I have very much enjoyed this game, and I can not wait to see what else CD Project Red can do. Aris
All I have to say isThis game has surprised me as I am not that much into the GTA/SR games. Ok they are fun for a while but the story does not engage (IMO). Sleeping Dogs has an interesting hand to hand style combat system that at first I did not like, but you learn and improve your skill as you go (which grew on me) and became fun. The story and feel of the game is what keeps me engaged, I want to see how it plays out being an undercover cop in the capacity of infiltrating the Triads. So I recommend this game, especially if you found the GTA/SR storylines not to your liking, perhaps you will be surprised as much as I was by Sleeping Dogs.Yes I do Recommend this game.-Why don-'t you have a pork bun in your hand-
Hey gamer-'sI have played a few Telltale games now and have enjoyed them all. Currently there are Two more episodes to go, so not a completed game as yet. This is by far the most enjoyable one I have played. I have seen the GoT tv show but not read the books and whilst I like/enjoy a few of the other Telltale games, I have found this to be the most engaging thus far. I say you do need to be familiar with the tv show (seen season 3) to have a full understanding of the rest of the -Game of Thrones- as it is, as these aspects from the main plot are going on around you. Each episode has you switching between the story as seen by four characters which is what add-'s to this being good IMO. Tales from the Borderland-'s did well with the two sides of the story and Game of Thrones has improved on this. It holds nothing back and fit-'s into the lore all ready set out in the tv show or book-'s from what I can tell as I have not read them. I highly recommend this to fans of, Telltales games, the Game of Thrones /A song of Ice and Fire and anybody whom enjoys a good story (it is low fantasy).
Luckily no issues for me so far, playing on a laptop currently with a i7 and GTX 850m, medium settings and the less intensive AA at 1366x768. No crashes, or bugs seen as yet. The game is what I was expecting, and I am enjoying it thus far. I don't really like these micro transaction shops that a lot of games are using, but eh I don't have to spend the money there if I don't want to, so I expect that these systems will be common place in games, so I fell that this is not a point for giving the game a thumbs up/down. I don't like this DLC being tired to a save idea but that will most likely change given the upset of alot of customers. Being day one perhaps its worth waiting a bit for more optimising before refunding, from what I have seen the game play and story are what I had hoped for. I realise I have only spent a few hours in game so far but I will give it a thumbs up for now. Will update this review at a later time.Addit: Played on my desktop system with nil issues also. Yes not at full noise, but I run a higher res monitor and the recommended specs suggest a Gtx 970 at 1080 at high presets (I belive). Game looks good and plays well, enjoying it.P.S running 364.72 driver (28/3/16). Have been running current game ready driver now no difference seen as yet as perfomance goes.Aris
Hi people'sGreat game, it is a good solid shooter, and fun with the monster arms. Has RPG elements was very surprising, good adult laughs to be had also. Enjoy the short but entertaining SP, and add some more to the story with the Coop missions, these can get repetitive very quickly but certainly worth a look, adding some new characters with unique weaponry.Yes i recommend this game, but have to say grab this baby on sale.
Hey YoZombies and lots of ammo, say no more!Good Four player Coop game with a number of modes to play.Yes I do recommend this game.
