I was hoping to really love this game, but unfortunatley after playing it for only a short while I have to agree with most of the other reviews. The graphics are abysmal; actually worse, by far, than graphics in games 10 years ago. To put that in context, this year we will celebrate Half Life 2's 10th anniversary. Maybe I just have slow internet (thanks Abbott) but seeing other players move around without even an attempt at leg animation is disconcerting.Following on, the servers are slow as all hell. If you do manage in a semi timely fashion to find and log onto a server, assuming the slow response time hasn't basically frozen your mouse, you will be greeted with some of the worst lag you've ever seen. Be forewarned fair traveller, you will think it's a one-off lag problem. Verily it is not. I have never actually tolerated this much lag in a game and it seems to be a pretty standard part of Nether so there's that. This of course makes combat a frantic button mash with little to no skill.At first I thought this might be why I can't seem to move smoothly, but then I realised that the entire world has been put together so half-assedly that physically conected land elements (like a floor and a ramp) might require you to jump over some imaginary partition holding them together. Clipping is, as you can imagine, basically just part of the ambience at this point.Then there's the game itself. It seems to have no idea how games are meant to work. There are safezones where you spawn when you die. In theory, in a safezone you can't use weapons, can't die, and the nether can't get in. This will periodically cease to be true and you have to run around repairing the anti nether devices. As a noob, you will be the ONLY one running around repairing anti-nether devices. Everyone else can survive without them just fine. When you aren't running for your life from aliens, which teleport by the way, utterly ruining the point of a zombie survival game, you're couriering parcels from A to B in the vain hope that you can scrounge enough bits and pieces from these transactions to craft a semi decent weapon. None of this is immediatley obvious to you as the game has basically no explanation of anything at all.Upon undertaking a task outside the safezone, you will rapidly become aware of the fact that the difficulty of the nether around you will in no way be tempered to suit your skill level or armoury leading me on my first run to take on a small nether army which included a golem (try to guess what they're like) with nothing by a can gun (one shot shotgun made from a spray can) and a sword. Needless to say I died.On subsequent attempts I found fewer nether, which was great for me, but alas this came at the price of having other players around me. It turns out that the average nether player is cut from the same cloth as a day Z player, and will galdy follow a n00b out of the safe zone for the explicit purpose of killing them and looting the $10 dollars they have. Fortunately for them, since they tend to already have automatic weapons and heavy body armour, this is an enetertaining and low-risk sport. For those of us trying to figure out the game, it is not.In short, I have yet to find any element in this game which I think is good. You find eclectic items throughout the world, all of which are terribly rendered and usually look like an entire stash of discrete items, much to your chagrin. You sort of have to guess which ones can be combined at the weapon smith and into what. Until then, you're lugging around 50kg of ♥♥♥♥ with no way to use it. Things pop up on the screen which I'm sure are meant to be informative, but mean absolutely nothing if you haven't had it explained before, and when you start out, your chance of survival is approximately 0. Since you spawn with nothing but what you could put into a global stash (I assume, this bit is a bit fuzzy) after dying, it makes it nigh on impossible to ever advance to any reasonable level. Statistically any level of enemy can appear anywhere (except the reapers) and players have trained themselevs to see all non-tribe-members are walking goody-bags/piñatas. The game has a decent idea behind it, and if it were designed by competent designers and hosted on semi-decent servers, with a reasonable how-to guide, and some mechanism giving new players are fair shot, it'd be worth the $15. At this point though, I wouldn't even waste the bandwidth on it if it were free.
By now you're probably aware of the game's gimmick. It's an emotionally punishing morality based knock off of Dark Heart (Apocalypse Now) masquerading as a generic FPS. The game aims to put you into a series of morally conflicting positions. Situations you would likely have faced in many other FPS's but it tries to humanise your opponents and confront you with the ramifications of your actions. Cute. If you want to get a better idea of what the themes are and how they're implemented Extra Credits has two good videos about it on YT (one with, one without spoilers), if you can put up with the pretentious high-morality fapping to the game.So let's look at this one three levels: the morality mechanic, the themes of morality and PTSD from a narrative perspective, and the actual quality of the game play otherwiseThe Morality MechanicThe themes of morality manifest themselves as game mechanics when you periodically come across “moral” situations and have to make a decision about how to proceed. Here's how they've utterly ♥♥♥♥ed it up: * At times, and one scene in particular everyone keeps raving about, you're presented the illusion of choice but no actual choice. You do the one thing the game lets you do, and are treated to what I assume was meant to be an emotional cut-scene to punish you for it. I cannot feel bad for doing the thing the game required. This isn't console players blubbering into their controllers, this is the PC master race. We've been dropping chemical weapons on civilians since Postal. You gotta bring something better than that.* The majority of the time the game misleads you about your options. There are hidden “high morality” alternatives in a lot of cases. Sure it's nice for the game to put explicit and hidden alternatives in, but the thing is you can just play the game the way the game tells you to and it still works fine. There's no reason to look for alternatives. In fact I'd've been more morally invested had I seen the high-morality option and still felt I needed to take the low morality choice.* And finally, and probably most egregiously: the moral choices you make seem so to have absolutely no impact on the game. Why would I make the moral choice here? I'm trying to get from this level to the next one and I will shoot a civilian in the head if that's what the game says I need to do to progress the story. I absolutely loathe ending changes based on a morality meter (à la Bioshock, Dishonored) but if you implement a morality mechanic it needs to at least change the game-play somehow. The entire game seems to assume that everyone who plays a game like BF or CoD must spend their entire time vacillating over how they could solve each problem in a moral way. I, like I think most normal PC gamers, just did what the game said I should do. I'm not interested in the lives of NPC's who don't even get a name tag. I don't care. It's a game, it's a challenge to get from A to B. You need either REALLY good storytelling or something particularly special to make me feel things, or harder still, to make my feelings factor into my game play style. The Narrative ThemesThe terrible implementation into the game-play not withstanding, the artistic value here is pretty high. The story is kind of interesting, despite its obvious plot-holes, the way they represent constant descent, the psychosis colour schemes, loading screen accusations, the 4th wall breaking. They're not all immediately obvious, but they're there and they're pretty well thought out and it'll give you plenty to mull over and wonder about on a second play-through. While we're at it, the general visuals are pretty sweet actually, so good job there.The Actual Game-playI won't say that graphics don't matter, or that narrative doesn't matter, but I will say and I will defend this to the hilt, they matter less than mechanics. A game with a pretty poor delivery can still be good if its mechanics are solid. But the opposite is rarely true. Spec Ops: The Line does not have good mechanics. I mean yes it's so so agonisingly obvious that this is a port from a console game, and it has what are pretty standard mechanics for a console game I guess so fine, but I'm sitting on PC, wondering why I spend half my time hiding behind a bench or wall or ornamental plant pot, taking turns to fire at enemies who are also hiding behind whatever debris magically happened to be there. The most tactical thing in the game is blowing up explosive barrels or taking advantage of the ridiculously contrived breaking-glass-to-unleash-an-avalanche-of-sand mechanic the whole handful of times the game remembered it wanted that to be a thing. A fortunately all the miniguns scattered around shopping centres can be turned around and used to mow down waves of suicidal enemies. Your NPC'sBut the worst, the absolute worst, and this I cannot forgive a game, are your NPC's. In theory you have a sniper and a heavy and you can light up a target for them to take out. Yeah good luck with that. They're useless as all hell, they get in your way a LOT, by the time they eliminate a target for you, you could just have done it yourself since you need to have the reticle on the target anyway to tag them. But to top it off, if they get shot, you need to run in and revive them. And they have no idea of how to not get shot. ♥♥♥♥ stealth, these guys assume that not only are you going to speed-run-n-gun this game, but that you will somehow provide much better cover for them than mere concrete or sandbags ever could, so eschew both in favour of just sitting out in plain sight. Possibly the worst example of NPC's ruining any hope you have of making good tactical choices is one scene where you see a yacht in the desert. Plenty of openings, no aerial cover, and a reasonable amount of open ground between you and it. Open ground which has an inbound truck load of enemies. I wanted to stay put in my indestructible aircraft hull, with a box of nades, a box or ammo, high ground advantage, and crucially, one small controllable entrance. But my highly trained delta force sidekicks thought our only hope for survival would be to run like idiots for the yacht and then stay put half way when I didn't run with them. Needless to say they got mowed down and I lost the game for not reviving them fast enough. If the game had let me I'd've shot them in the first 5 minutes and gone on alone but alas the point of the game seems less about killing the enemies and staying alive than it does basically babysitting two idiots with the survival instincts of a screamapillar through a war zone dodging bullets to shoot them full of adrenalin.Final ThoughtsOver all the idea of the game was fine – put players in a situation where they question their actions despite playing a game, or even question their actions in all games. The problem is it didn't work, must like the “Would you kindly” scene in Bioshock, it didn't work. Because I did what I did because that's how you make game progress. The designers may have tried to go meta and accept that players rage-quitting would just be one of their “endings”, or try to argue that the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mechanics are there to fill you with a sense of unease to foreshadow the descent into madness theme, but really, it didn't work. Good idea; implement it better. The visuals were stunning and some of the little bits and pieces of depression were nice (like the slowly decaying soldier in the menu screen) but the core mechanics were ♥♥♥♥, the game-play was highly linear, it was all cover based shooting, the shooting itself was clunky and frustrating, the NPC's are worse than the enemy, and even the storyline needed tidying up. If you're making an FPS, make an FPS; once you've managed to do that well, then we can talk about themes and story. But at the end of the day morality does NOT belong in games. Especially not shooters. They
It is evident from the start that this game is only intended to be played online. Ideally, a game should be a perfectly good standalone with an online option for later once you've completed everything else and have become bored. This is the opposite. A multiplayer with a single player tacked on as an afterthought. Ignoring the poor graphics and general design reminiscent of Postal 2 and similar games which were never intended to be taken seriously, the design of the AI in this game is appaling. By far the worst I've ever seen. Not only the enemy AI but your own team. No attempt was made to make the team anything more than backup muscle. Team members can't be ordered to hold/attack positions or execute objectives. They follow you around stupidly and shoot at things which happen to stand directly in front of them, not even noticing when they are being repeatedly shot. The enemy AI is similarly stupid not noticing things in plain sight but they have the advantage of clipping through you and your team to get behind you very quickly. So there's that. Not to mention overwhelming force.Granted the game is designed to hold off violent confrontation as long as possible but with the AI the way it is, this is impossible. Playing offline will guarantee police arriving within a minute and that would lead one to hope that the gunplay mechanics are at least decent. They are not. Besides the lack of reticle (which, ok I can live with but is odd given the hit confirmation reticle) the aiming moving and shooting are all pretty bad. Nothing horrendously wrong, but poor all round.On the issue of weapons however, it is impossible to pick up weapons from fallen cops and it's obvious that in order to enjoy a decent range of weapons you basically need to get the DLC. Now I have a $20 limit on games and this is NOT about to convince me to break that limit any time soon and with the current discounts I can justify some of the DLC which would allow me to make the game at least presentable. Wanting players to join the steam fanpage in order to unlock a bunch of basic gear is I feel rather ♥♥♥♥♥♥. It's a pretty low tactic to force people to be exposed to your promotions in exchange for making the one game they did buy semi-playable. A very DLC based experience and as such, a poor game.As for the levels, they're the same. I'll be doing a different job and running through the building on autopilot because I've seen it before except that the safe is in a different location now.And why does it keep updating? It feels like every time I start the game it needs to do an update. Games should never be updated, make an optional patch, and distribute bugfixes ASAP but any major overhauls save for the sequel.All in all, I'm hoping that once I play multipler with friends (the only reason I was told to get the game) it'll become somewhat good, but as far as going it solo to try and build up those skill points goes, it is a painful painful experience, not even worth the bandwidth to download the base game imho.
TL;DR below10 minutes in and I was bored, 30 minutes in and I was hooked.Hard Reset is no more or less than the quintessential old school shooter. It lacks any real form of cover, leaning, and most shockingly crouch, and the maps are incredibly linear. There's no notion of stealth or sniping or any serious problem solving. It's a very spam-y game. You just take on waves of enemies as they come. There are different sorts of enemies, but it doesn't matter much in terms of just sinking enough ammo into them until they die. Enemies drop four kinds of drops: health (green), rifle ammo (red), plasma gun ammo (blue), and nano (orange). You also have a shield but it regenerates automatically. You collect enough nano and you earn an upgrade. Both of your weapons as well as your general gear upgrade the same way. Everything has 5 modes (the last two of which get unlocked later) and each mode has 2 additional upgrades beyond the first for a total of 15 upgrades for each weapon and your gear. For weapons this tends to mean a primary attack, and secondary function or attack, and a passive bonus in each of the 5 modes. Each weapon uses the same ammunition for each attack and each mode, albeit at different rates.Your environment is pretty dangerous, there are high explosives all over the place as well as electrified items which, when damaged, shock everything within range for a period of time before exploding. Additional from time to time you encounter random flame-throwers in the walls. You can take down entire waves of enemies with just the explosive and electric death traps lying around.That's basically it. That's the entire game (as far as I've played it anyway).On the down-side, the gun play isn't all that imaginative and you don't always have time to swap to all your cool new upgrades in the heat of battle. This combined with the high linearity, wave format of enemy encounters, terrible terrible voice acting and story (not that it has any real impact on the game), and the fact that, despite what the pictures look like above, the artistic style really isn't all that nice, makes me sort of sigh and dream of what this game could have been.IMHO, what this game could have been is Shadow Warrior (Redux), which I believe was a perfect and shining example of what happens when you put modern game technology and philosophy into an old school shooter. In a sense, Hard Reset is like a poor man's Shadow Warrior. Definitely not worth the same amount of money (I just picked up Hard Reset for like 2.50 USD, sooo not complaining). On the upside though, if you do like your old school shooters, this is a good game. It does what it sets out to do. It's fun, it's destructive, it's fast paced (during combat sequences), and you can just go insane. Ammo conservation hasn't been a problem yet (normal difficulty). Over all, I haven't found the game to be really difficult at all, which is not to say that I haven't died yet. Bottom line is, I'm enjoying it, I'd recommend it, and though I haven't played it enough to comment on the complaints about its short length, I'd say even at full cost (15 USD) I think it's fair.TL;DR : Solid game, proper old school shooter experience, no major faults besides ♥♥♥♥ story and acting, but nothing mind blowing either. I'd recommend it to friends.
