Got abducted, went to space.Sacrificed humans, Became a devil goat.Flew around with jetpack.Licked a chair, licked a goat.Broke neck 1,535 times.Press 1 to Baa!10/10 would buy!
It's only in Alpha and it's already better than most games on steam!The game is a mix of dayz and minecraft, but leaning more towards Dayz. It's been said by the developers that they don't want to be another Dayz clone though, so by it's finished stage it'll end up being something new and different.This game really strives off of human interaction, either you can trust everyone or trust no one. In the end your still going to die though....The best thing you can do if you plan to buy this game is look for a freind who'll play it with you. The game is fun by itself, but with a friend it makes the game a better experience. Not saying you can't go lone wolf and find groups to build with and/or raid others.The feel/atmosphere of the game feels like a cavemen era game, though once you get into the game you'll realise these cavemen can craft a lot of nifty things. Be warned, if you see a guy in a red jacket, blue pants and a bennie..... Get the hell out of there!Once alpha is finished and this goes into beta or full release we'll end up with an exceptionally great game!Also a Pro tip: Press F1 in-game and type censor.nudity false to see all the glory hiding behind everyones pants :)
Great game for a laugh! Takes around 2 hours to complete if you search around and find all the interactable things. Well worth the money :)
First episode of Season 2 is set at full speed ahead! Telltale have done a really good job with the latest season and you can expect a lot more twists and wtf! moments this time round :)
Chased a cat for 10 minutes for no apparent reason, 10/10 would do it again!
Another awesome addition to the Telltale Games Collection!Tale from the Borderlands is the next best thing to a Borderlands fan! No it's not a FPS, its not as fast paced, but it does tell a damn good story!
It's so good revisiting a game I played years ago! Having the game being redone with visual and combat updates makes the game well worth the replay. For anyone new looking to play the game it is well worth it!
Just keep cleaning, just keep cleaning, what do we do? We clean!If you have the time and patience and you feel like cleaning, this might just be the game for you! When I starting a map a said to myself -I-'m meant to clean all this up, really?-. About 30-40 minutes later and I looked back and thought to myself -Well I-'ve done a pretty good job, all nice and clean, guess I-'ll just exit the map and that-'ll all be a waste of time besides an acheivment I just earnt-.It-'s satifying though looking back and seeing how much you actually did to the map, but it has no meaning to it, you just clean up and leave then maybe come back another day and do it again for no reason.So it-'s probably not a game for everyone but if you like making things looking Extremley clean, you should give this game a go. You can always do before and after pictures so it-'s not like you did it for nothing.
Great Game and great gameplay!Alot of the levels are pretty easy to get a Gold medal on the first run, it only starts to get challenging as you reach the last 3 stages. The graghics and art style look really good for a $20 game. It runs smooth and keeps a good FPS. This game has lots of re-playablity due to User-made tracks, getting Platinum on all tracks and doing challenges. It could easily last over 20+ hours. Overall for $20 your getting an extremly well made game that would satisfy all your trials needs!
