Never been a big fan of fighter games since I find they get mundane quick and the step from being a button masher to a control freak is ussally very steap.This game is the exception. It starts off pretty easy, It even has tutorials that help you take your fight skills to the next level. But don't be fooled it might start off easy but it gets very hard the further you get into it and even more so if you play online
This is the worst game I have played to date. I payed $1 on a steam sale and I still feel ripped off. But I will go into detail and pretty much say what every other negative review has said so far (BTW this is my first negative review ever)The ProsThis game looks great. I love the art style. I hope the art department gets the $1 I spent on this game because they are the only ones in the company that deserve any money for this thing.The ConsPretty much everything else, but let me go into detail.-The biggest one, the controls. They are completly useless, and don't fool yourself this isn't a simple remapping problem solved kinda thing. The way they are divided between keys and how they interact is the issue.-The backflip, what can I say it looks nice. Who ever came up with the mechanic for it tho you should of fired on the spot. Sprint, change direction and jump. Ok ok that really not so bad, but the overly long and overly complex (complex for the controls not complex for a sidescrolling game) platforming parts its a nightmare to pull off and is punished serverly.-The combat at first seems kinda nice, slashing everywhere and blood and all. Then 2 min after the first fight and ur fighting mobs on boths sides you realise it only registers one key press at a time. Which then leads to the next problem.-Your gonna get hit. which is fine. But the knock down and getting up animation is so slow I might as well get up and get myself a drink in the time it takes to completly which then causes enemies to juggle you around a fair bit. Which leads me to the next point (getting good at these segways tho)-The enemies. I think there are like 6 in total or something like that. Not even 6 types with varying skins. Nope flat out cut and paste 6 types. Most of which make no sence. A weird toad thing, A rocket knife? wtf? (and more segwaying)-There is no story to this at all. Not even a hint of way. Space invaders has more of a story to it than is. Yet magiclly having no storyline at all they manage to still make it not fit in with any of the bloodrayne story. Oh shes working with Brimstone? wonder if they are going to explain why she is after the events of the 2nd game - Nope, Oh shes fighting Kagan her father again? Wonder if they are going to explain how he is still alive after being decapitated in the 2nd - nope. Wait maybe this is before all that (ignoring that there are rockets and lasers)? Nope you kill him at the end. I would say thats a spoiler but you will probably stop playing this 50% of the way into it.TL;DR - If you like playing a platformer with broken controls thats 80% luck based then you have hit a gold mine with this game. If you were looking for a sidescroller hack and slash game that added to the Bloodrayne storyline then its a completly waste of time.
I've decided to slowly go through a whole pile of MMO's and see which ones I like. Was a big WoW player but feel thats gone very far away from its glory days. Tera is the first MMO I've played since so to keep it simple here are the pros and cons in my eyes.Pros:The combat is the best I've tried so far in a MMOHealing in this game is actually engagingTanking has more to do with handling the boss instead of just being a dmg soak/aggro generatorThe styling looks greatIts not really pay to win (Tho paying for some stuff might help you do things quicker)Seems to be updated regulary.Ran into very few arogant/rude playersLevening is pretty quick if you want it to beConsProgressing equipment is labouring and the process is overly complicatedConsumables for instances is kinda messy. (IMO should be a simple flask, Mana/health pots, Res scrolls)Out leveling a dungeon will make you unable to cue for it. It will happen while your leveling.The production meter I find annoying. Sometimes I just want to level my proffs but cannot (tho you can get things to help this but still a feature I don't like)A little more diversity on what mobs look like would be goodAnyway all in all I would recomend it. Its got many features that I think make up a good MMO. The combat being the biggest. The only perk I can see to the older tab targeting is I can access skills easier (place rarely use skills on a bar I can click)End of the day its free to play, So there is no harm in trying (Tho its a pretty big download)
While different from all the borderlands games it was still a interesting part of the story. Was the first tell tale game I have played so it was a bit different for me.BUT IT DOES HAVE ITS PROBLEMS first off the higher your screen resolution the laggier your mouse will become. This has nothing to do with how good your graphics card is or anything its just a problem with the game so if it causes issues drop the resolution done a bit and that should fix it (But seriously TTG this shouldn't even be a issue at all)Second problem is I played this all in one sitting (granted it was a long 10 hr sitting but hey rainy day amusement) and right near the end of the 5th episode lines of dialogue where just plain missing. I won't say where just to make it spoiler free but since I played it all in one sitting without a single issue with the voices its safe to say my audio settings and everything was fine so its purely a problem with the games. Considering this game is pretty much completely based on dialogue and very little on game play I think its a pretty big problem.And while making choices is fun and all its not really clear in what context you’re going to say something, Sometimes when the pair are together you’re not even sure whos going to be saying the part you just clicked. But that being said your choices really don't have a huge impact on the story.Apparently its all cannon but I'm sure if they make BL3 they will explain a little of what happened. So I don't think there is any harm skipping this if its not your thing. But seriously that voice bug really ruined it for me, if that didn't happen I would probably be all praises. Shame there is only a yes or no recommendation. If you’re really into borderlands and cannot get enough of it then yeah get it. If its not a big thing for you then probably no loss skipping it
