This is like a polished, graphically updated version of the free TrackMania Nations, with new tracks ... I can't say I recommend it as much as the others, since you can get much of the experience by playing Nations. Still, it's worth considering.If you're new to TrackMania, let me say that TrackMania is AWESOME. It is basically a time trial game, but what a game! The driving is not realistic. You will do tight turns, stunts and drifts. You will drive at ridiculous speeds, stack, and try again. You will make a tight, high-speed turn, followed by a jump, fly across an enourmous gulf, land, do a loop, and then crash into a finish line. Or miss, but eventually you will succeed.And then there is the extraordinarily powerful (AND easy to use!!) level editor, which has led to large community of excellent user created tracks and multiplayer servers.
This is a highly polished entry in the Total War series. Compared to previous games, construction and logistics have been simplified - in my opinion, this was done in a very good way. Complexity which was merely irritating has been removed, while everything that made the game interesting has been left in or enhanced. The prime example is that multiple buildings can be contructed in a province simultaneously, limited only by your economic state (and make no mistake, this IS a significant limitation), rather than being placed in a queue. I-'m mostly a strategy map player, but the little experience I had with the real-time combat was also satisfying.My main complaint is the -Realm Divide- mechanic - everyone, even your allies, turns against you once you capture something like a quarter of the map. This was a terrible idea, but mods can be used to remove it if you wish. If, o nthe other hand, you find that Total War games are too easy in the mid to late game, this might be perfect for you.Overall, a great strategy, and a must-have for Total War fans.
Strategy masterpiece. Well balanced, expansive, addictive and thoroughly replayable.Really feels epic, like you are nurturing a powerful civilization from its roots to world domination.Highly recommended.
A wonderful offering from Bethesda. It is not a perfect sequel to the old Fallouts. Oblivion with guns. Or Skyrim with guns, whatever you like. It is buggy at times, but well worth it.The expansive and hand crafted post-apocalyptic world is amazing. Go off and explore!
