tbh this game could have some changes but still it is one of my favourite games. Once i got this i cant stop playing it. They should add multiplayer in it but it is still AWESOME. 9/10
This game is really addictive. I got a recommendation from a friend and now i cant stop playing it.
Its all right but you sort of dont have any objectives after you go through the tutorial
NOT RECCOMMENDED!I bought this game thinking it would be great because i like these type of games but it doesnt work! My computer can run it but it just constantly crashes when i try to load it up or it would take forever to load and just stay on a certain percent. If they can fix this i will buy it again if it is worth it when they fix this problem. Until then, it is not worth it.....
First off, I have to say that this game is amazing! It is a hard game and makes you rage a bit. But this game is just AWESOME! This game makes you think about what you need to survive and keep your kingdom thriving.But it would also be awesome if you were able to get coop like a king/queen together.
This game is soooo good. I got it and it made me play for HOURS on end. But once i unlocked both of the other ranches and upgrade everything it gets boring because there is nothing to do anymore. I cant wait for more updates and probably start over then. But i reccommend this game sooo much.
I bought this game thinking -Yeh, it seems alright.- then i saw how big it was and i thought -wow, it better be good if im gonna download this.- and it has been better then i thought. I havent even cracked the surface of the game and i have almost 2 hours into it. THe graphics are great even in the lowesr setting and the atmosphere is awesome. Some parts i got mad at cause it is a hard game to master and the skills take some time to learn because they arent usual controls but once you start you cant stop...... 9/10 Would reccomend
It works on my comp but the color doesnt. It is just brwn and really bright white and i cant see anything wats happening
