I cant say enough good things about this game, such a refreshing change of pace for the FPS genre, reminiscent of games like Hexen and Heretic and the nostalgia strikes a chord on so many levels. The difficulty and pacing of the unlocks is spot on and while some runs are disasterous it only adds to the overall enjoyment knowing that if you just give one more shot. Hugely addictive and challenging on normal mode, highly recommend!
Great original IP and a fresh look at cyberpunk from a more modern perspective by dropping you straight into a second-life as an augmented human! The city of neo paris comes alive to bring you Nilin a very strong female lead to rival the likes of Lara Croft with no just her looks but her intellect. This is a fast fighting game and a great platformer all in one, though the mechanics could be stronger its so fresh to see a game like this readily available in the PC space from the get go.The price point is perfect for the length and the amount of high quality artwork, unlike alot of modern action titles. I cannot recommend this game enough for fans of this style, its a must play for any fan of the genre and dispite having to battle a few bugs (no pun intended) I came away error free.
I've honestly tried my hardest to like this game but at every turn I've had such a poor experience, the gameplay itself is top notch, it's easily the best MK game of them all! The issue is with the streaming content method via steam, I bought the Kollectors Edition which is great I was so pleased to open the box, I found a slightly scuffed game case but that wasn't a big deal because I had a nice Scorpion model, this is when I found out none of the game was even on the DVD, it was simply a barebones Steam installer.Okay so that was no worries, I downloaded what I could of the game at a friends place and got started, no worries. Then came the updates, I downloaded those on my phone internet at home (cant get adsl) and could play now all of a sudden its telling me none of my DLC isnt installed. I swear I have downloaded 20gb of content for this game and its telling me I only have 4gb. I have no idea whats going on but I'm not happy with how this game is being supported. I just want to enjoy it but all these issues outside of the game experience has got me to the point I just want to remove it and play something thats not so much hassle.
A masterpiece in interactive story telling, not so much a game as an interactive movie. This one shines despite some control issues I encountered on the gamepad. Ive never seen a game approach morale dilemmas like this, it breaks the mold and its easy to see why this game took home alot of awards. More than just a pretty face or pop culture.
Its amazing how quickly we can forget! About as arcade as you can get, serious too sam for you these days? Basically Hard Reset brought back a genre alot of people had forgotten, the FPAS, with features like the scoreboard only now it's broadcast to the internet. I love the more serious direction Wolfenstien has taken but this is back to the roots with its super fast arcade antics.
At first I was skeptical of the quicktime events, Lara's new look and a generally divergance from the Tomb Raider we all know. When I saw the initial cinematic and gameplay footage with the developer talk about how we see a younger more vulnerable Lara it sparked my attention.This game is amazing in its fidelity, its challenging and captivating. The story whilst weak with the inclusion of alot of side characters helps to humanize Lara in a way we hadnt really seen before. The level design, exploration and effects are all what to expect from a AAA title and shouldnt be ignored even if you are warey about Lara's new direction.My biggest gripe is the accent not seeming to be as thick and while Lara and her outfit look amazing as the game progresses her eyes dont look quite right and I would have liked to see her big eyes return. This game is certainly more gritty and perhaps moves away from the kids adventure game but I would love to see more of this Lara.
Great psychological thriller! The game itself revolves more around survival and exploration, leaning towards adventure than other titles. Gives nods to all the great suspense writers of all time, its just Remedy in true fashion with hints of max payne showing through from time to time. Im so glad I waited and gave this game the shot it deserves.
The most serious Sam yet!
Awesomely well done game, solid fun and a fantastic addition to the original. If you dont already own it pick both up now, you wont regret it.
If you like fast action, silky graphics and no frills first person shooting, this is the stuff. Boss battles are challanging, theres plenty of upgrades and secrets to keep you busy, to top that off theres leaderboards.
