A pretty cool indie JRPG. I really like the characters and the conflicting personalities, and Yli is super cute and funny :) The battle systems are not bad etc, and the story is quite engaging as well. I-'m only a couple of hours in and I-'ve heard the game is quite short - that being said it-'s a three part story and the second part will be released sometime in the future. There-'s also alot of reading dialogue, but I enjoy that so all good. The only thing that I was disapointed in was there was alot of potential for story to be taken further in side-quests based on characters you meet telling you about themselves and what is unresolved in their life. EG A young boy has never lefthis village and wants to so he can find his father, but just when you think -Ok this is an interesting story moment- hebasically shrugs his shoulders and says -Maybe I will one day- and thats it? From what I have heard of the games lengthit can-'t be revisited and expanded on because the game is too short to do this and alot of other story side-quests thatcould have been really interesting and added more to the feel and depth of the game. Pity. Hope it-'s revisited in the laterinstallments.To be honest the game doesn-'t rival old JRPGs and is not a patch on Chrono Trigger, Final Fantasy 3, Earthbound, Phantasy Star IV etcbut if you like classic JRPGs that are new, you could do a lot worse. I also think it-'s still on sale, but that might have pastnow.I will update this review when I finish it and also later when the other two episodes are released.
It's great that alot of Japanese console games are coming to PC but please add controller support. I like using my mouse and keyboard for CS GO, Dota2, WoW, etc... but if you're going to put console games on PC please add controller support so they can be played the way they were originally designed to play. For console platformers as well pleae. Thanks
Being a massive Dota fan and as someone who missed the coverage of the 2011 Dota2 International in Cologne Germany, I was very eager to watch this doco.Right from the moment you see Dendi on the setup page until you watch the end credits this is a production of high quality. It covers the tournament and the buildup nicely, but aside from that it takes you into the personal lives of three Dota2 pros from three different countries and tells personal stories in a very rich and at times emotional and touching way.For these are real people, not just mindless gamers and they do have a story and during these stories being told it sets up the potential and excitement for pro-gaming and E-Sports becoming huge.I watched this with my mother for the second time and believe me my mother knows nothing about MOBAs, Candy Crush is more her speed lol... but even so she related to the stories of the pros being told and emotially connected with Free to Play.Highly recommend downloading and watching to anyone, even if you're not a Dota2 fan. Exceptional production quality xD
Wow...I really really want to like this game...I don't know? I guess I could go back to Defiance :) first of all hasn't this game been coming out for like the last 9 years. I was excited when I first caught coverage of it like 3-4 years ago but... and secondly the game just looks awful. graphically it looks like they are trying to marry the look of Borderlands and Team Fortress 2 and it just falls flat. admittedly I have only started playing and as I play more I will update this review, but the controls are weird?? You use the left trigger on your XBox controller to run, left bumber jumps, WTF!? Some of the intro AI supports looked kind of interesting, but if you're buying this as a kindof PC FPS/MMO to rival the Playstation 4 game Destiny, I think you're going to be pretty disapointed :( as I've said I'm early on and I will update this review. I bought one of the starter packs for the game, so I'm playing now, but if you want to check it out, it comes out and is freetoplay on the 29th.In the mean time I have an Beat access code for Destiny on my PS4 so I'm going to go and play that :)Oh yeah and pleeease when you do a patch, update the graphics - they're...well I've said that already
I haven't played alot but I'm really liking this game so far. The artstyle is gorgeous and the game is very good :)One thing to the developers seen as though this is stil in early access.I realise that eventually this game will come out on XBox1 and PS4. Due to the fact that their versions will have this, could you please implement controller support into the PC version. Many thanks xD
I hate this game in so many ways, but was going to give the Shadow Falls dlc a try. I can-'t download it. I know how to, but instead of downloading it, it launches the game and the new story mode is in grey and can-'t be accessed. sometimes in the past I have finished playing and it says -Error blah, blah, blah... sometimes it doesn-'t load. WTF Capcom? what happened? You put NO ARCADE mode into THE GAME!!! that launhched the arcade mode and... forget it. fix the game and I-'m going to contact Valve to give me a new copy that will hopefully work... Stay away from this piece of ♥♥♥♥... RIP Capcom 1991-2009
I have hardly played this game yet so far it seems to have a wonderful world with imagination and atmosphere. So good right?I know it's PC and consoles are the main concern of programmers, but put a VSync option into video options you lazy programmers or I will get a refund. I for one am tired of the little things that the PC community has to tolerate Cough 'Batman Arkham Knight' Cough and many others. I am not an idiot and I realise this is small in comparison to the aforementioned nightmare of a port, but as a PC gamer I'm getting sick of even the little things and as this continues my XBox One, Playstation 4 and WiiU are starting to look so much more attractive. Patch your game!
