Planetside 2 is an immense game. Everything about it is huge. The maps, the battles, the bases. An all-out battle between anywhere up to 100 people is commonplace here, aircraft swooping in, raining death, as tanks roll through, pounding huge shells at their enemies. So as you can imagine, starting into it you can easily be overwhelmed! I started with very little knowledge of how the game worked, and slowly over time I've learned to do well at it.Starting off, you choose your gender and faction, and are immediately dropped at the warpgate for your faction. This is basically home base, and as far as I know no enemy combatant has ever got in. There are three continents you can go to, and you access these with the consoles with the globe, right in front of your spawn. There's a desert continent, a jungle and an ice continent. They all feature the same objective-based capture the base gameplay, the only difference is aesthetic.Your default guns starting off are actually rather good. The upgrade system allows you to grind a bit to make your guns shoot harder, be more accurate and controllable, and to upgrade your armour and abilities. Sink enough hours into it and you can even afford a different gun!Vehicles are a focal point of this game. The Sunderer is a heavily-armoured APC that serves as a very useful mobile spawn point, and using one tactically can change the tides of a battle. There are tanks you can use too, as well as light 4x4s and buggys. Aircraft are also available, but it's worth putting in a LOT of training before using these, as they are expensive and hard to master.Though the game has no tutorial, it's worth noting that you can access VR Training through the continent console. Here you can try out vehicles, weapons, and so forth without having to spend any money. It's a great way to try before you buy, and removes the risk of spending your hard-earned cash/points.I higly recommend jumping in and giving it a go. Let yourself die a lot, get in the groove, and eventually you'll start to learn how to play the game, the ins and outs of it. Deaths don't matter here, it's about making a difference as much as possible. Medics and engineers are just as important as the front-line gunners and the snipers, and I speak from experience as I usually run as a medic or a heavy. Medic-ing is probably the most fun, as you find yourself doing a lot of heroic sprints through fire to save your teammates, healing them and then laying down fire with them. It's great for a run-and-gun type of person, and the default weapon gets very accurate and powerful as you sink more points into it.Planetside 2 is challenging, well-balanced, with great gameplay, tight controls, and solid-feeling weaponry. The most amazing thing is that it's absolutely free to play, with no pay-to-win at all. I'd recommend it to anyone who's sick of the meaningless grind of COD and wants to accomplish something bigger. There's no better feeling than battling for more than an hour to capture a huge enemy base, working side-by-side with real people as a perfect team.YOU HAVE ABSOLUTELY NO EXCUSE NOT TO TRY THIS GAME!
