My god does this game make you feel accomplished when beating stuff. I highly reccomend it as one of my favorite steam games to constantly go back to when I feel I need a challenge. The best part about this game is it can adapt to your difficulty on any scale. If you want to sit back and play through a level or be completely and utterly destroyed within a second the variety is there. Overall great game with intense moments that keeps you coming back for more
This game literally almost had me pulling out my eye sockets. The difficulty spikes so high after the first 30 or so missions to the point where you cannot make more than 3 mistakes and still be able to complete the level. I still haven't even beaten it yet but hope to soon in the future. I wish the shops had more variety or linear qualities, instead of randomly changing to either better or worse items. Overall fun game with constant replay value.
Played the tutorial - -seems fun- first level is impossible run out of mana gimli doesn-'t do ♥♥♥♥ and these skeletons with 400 health start pistol whipping me for 100 damage. Then these lice keep coming out of freaking holes and do 6 damage and circle jerk you until you die and your stupid mage has no weapon and is out of mana and gimli is dead so you sit there and say -boy i-'m not the idiot who payed full price- delete local content and play a game not made for professional rts players.
*This Game Is Extremley Good!*I mean for being free this game takes it to the next level, the one thing i complain about is when people say things like -MINECRAFT + TERRARIA = OUR GAME!- Stop having to leech of the name Minecraft to attract 8 year olds, the game is good enough to pull in players anyways. Also this game is N o t h i n g like minecraft so a waste of advertising. I really enjoy this game except i cannot get to tier 3 even though I purchased all tier 2 upgrades and have like 10 T3 Guns. I-'ll keep playing and hope to see it blossom even more!
Simply put this -easy- 3 in a row game because nothing but a pain in the ♥♥♥ for me to play. To click on a stone and switch it with another takes nearly 10 clicks to move it or have it even recognize your existence, the town is lame and adds nothing to the game except for a farmville feeling. The campaign was decent until you get to the Obliterator who insn-'t fair at all, making you hit his infinite minions who require 3 blasts to take down and there are nearly almost 10 on the field at the same time. Not including how insane the campaign gets after that. If you even focus on the town at all you will need to push through the soggy later campaign to get those little triforces to do anything in the game. The situations you get to do is so lame and even doing the right thing or finding a clever way to solve it does nothing but show a +1 for something and you get no satisfaction out of it, making it a waste of time.  Getting stuck in the campaign with no way to progress or get items because you sunk your triforces into the damn farm means your stuck having to pray you dont find yourself stuck without any combos or switch-'s and believe me it happens. I can-'t believe you cant BUY triforces for this $15 game because it reminds me of a bad Candy Crush ripoff with a new twist that makes you want to hurl. Will I play it again? Yes, because this ♥♥♥♥ is addicting like heroin, but in the bad way that makes you curl up in a ball and cry about how pathetic you are for continuing something that hurts you so internally. In other words, if you like poopy games that will have gnaw at your brain until you play it again by all means, let-'s shoot up together.
I'm using a GTX 960 and I'm running on ultra 60 FPS. All you losers saying you have this amazing rig and can't play are lying and mad your $20 GPU can't play AAA games. Go home plox.
No matter the pattern you can still progress through the game. You can play one level and basically know the entire game. Also I don't feeling like im totally blazed out of my mind 100% of the time i'm playing. Like seriously someone was taking like 3 drugs when they were making this. Fun in aspect, not in reality.
Overhype, horrible fanbase... It's like Five Night's at Freddy's but BAD
