I played a little of the first Bioshock, but when i saw infinite on sale i just had to play it. I was aware of its prestige and respect it had gained from those who had expierienced it, but boy oh boy, this game gets so much right. I cant think of many things to say wrong about this game other than the vigors being a little tedious and hard to use them the way you want, the pieces of gear you pick up being a bit confusing, too many guns and not enough gun customisation. These features dont hold the game down alot at all, the good outways the bad. Now on to the good stuff, lets just think about it for a second, almost every part of this game is perfected. The art, environment and visuals in general are the most interesting and colorful i have seen in a fist person shooter,  every object in the sun looks incredible and the characters while fairly realistic, suit the environment they are in perfectly or the opposite which is done delibrately like most parts of this game. The character Elizabeth is very mysterious and complex and even after the ending i still dont full  understand her character and the protagonist and antagonists of the game Dewitt and Comstock are very interesting and are not fully understood untill the great twist ending. These characters are supported by some more well designed and implemented characters which give this game its personality. Bioshocks story is logical and questionable at the same time, it keeps you hooked because you always want to know what will happen in the story progression and in to the characters. The gameplay in Bioshock Infinite is an improvement from the original bioshock from what i have played although the only having 2 guns on you at once is slightly frustrating, it doesnt stop you from tearing through countless enemies throughout your travels through Columbia. The guns and vigors aare very vast in numbers and combinations of use of them. The sky hook feature of this game was one of the most fun parts of the game and allowed for some intersting possibilties with the combat. Also The fact that Elizabeth helps by giving you ammo, salt and health throughout the game is really nice and found myself being saved by a quick health boost or salt boost from her. although this is a good first person shooter which are in abundance these days, Bioshock Infinite goes beyond the norm and dares to be different in the best ways possible, i r8 it 99/100
This game, so ♥♥♥♥ing good. You are thrown in the wastle land after leaving vault 101 and from there you have so many choices and decisions that must be and can be made by you which will shape your adventure in the wasteland,  personally, I searched for as many bobble heads and unique weapons that i could find and completed the dlc's which each were very different and added alot to the overall fallout expierience. Most people who play this game know the atmosphere and music that accompanies you on your journey throughout the wasteland is what makes it so great. Galaxy new radio music is what is great and suits the era fallout 3 is based in and the wasteland also. Although the main campaign is fairly short, its all the other things in fallout 3 which make it great, the vats system, the item pick up and repair system, the dark gloomy fallout environment, the overall atmosphere and freedom given to you from near the start of the game and also the perk and specials were very well implemented and encourage multiple playthroughs and experimenting. Problems with it is the short and not so difficult main story, but this is still enjoyable and combined with all other elements creates a game that will be remembered in the history of Games. R8 it 9/10
8/8 good fun, best of its genre and is enjoyable solo and in teams or party's.community full of spuds and good people, just depends on the game you get. Would recommend to everyone except spuds
This game... So good, can be stealthy and undetected, or you can just be a beastly killer using agressive movements, I think trying to go undetected would be a good challenge, but i had fun completing it in my agressive yolo ways, but you have so much choice in this game that you could play it multiple times in these maps which are not too big in size and approach it differently, only criticism is that dark vision makes game nearly 2 ez which makes you over use it and not take it the great visuals which by the way are very soft and nice on the eye. Also felt a little short but overall would rate 95/100
