his game gets a lot of hate. Personally I loved it, the game, and the main character, Connor, is a really deep character.The reason why this game gets hate is the super slow tutorial part, that lasts a good couple of hours. Once you get past that, the game becomes really fluid and fun.
Well what can i say about Ryse: Son Of Rome. Ryse Is a Amazing game with amazing graphics, this game never ceases to amaze me the story line is beautifully well written and done i have to rate 11/10 this game is wonderfull from the Shield Walls to the Moss On the Walls or the waterfalls streaming down a small cliff while you stab 5 men in the throat and remove all of their arms while they scream in agony and pain knowing that the glorius roman empire has come to slaughter them and claim glory for the SPQR. Moving on as i was saying the cut scences are beautiful especially the waves they are so well done and look so good especially when you just removed 3 random barbians arms and then stuffed it up their arses to the point where there arm is in the back of their throat and just when they start to lose consicousness from the arm you stab them in the throat and watch and 3 more come and try and stand against the glorius roman republic of italy, but like i said this game is wonderfull i really like what the did with the slow mo it feels so rewarding to just MURDER ALL THE ♥♥♥♥ING JEWS OF BRITTANA WITH THE MIGHT OF A STEEL SWORD AS YOU CUT OFF THEIR ♥♥♥♥ AND FEED IT TO THEIR MOTHERS AS THEY WATCH IN HORROR AS THEIR CHILD IS STRUCK DOWN AND STAB TO PEICES FOR THE SPQR AND SOME TRY TO RUN BUT THEY ONLY GET SO FAR AFTER HAVEING A PILA STUFFED IN THE BACK OFF THEIR HEAD AND SOME FIGHT ONLY TO BE MASSACRED BY THE IRON HORDE OF ROMAN SOLDIERS YOU SWEEP THROUGH THE RANKS OF THE BARBARIANS PELBIAINS SLAUGHTING THEM ONE BY ONE SHOVING YOUR SWORD DOWN THE BACK OF THE THROAT AS YOU SLOWY DIP INTO MADNESS SWING AFTER SWING BECAUSE LESS A MURDER AND MORE OF AN ART, this game shows true power 69/whats left of the roman empire
Played for 5 hours... At first. It is highly addictive. Simple, yet very interesting. It is for all lovers of Strategy, Real Time Strategy, and/or Simulation. If you ever have played Alpha Centauri, it is similar in that you must prosper on a new planet, but aside from that, it is a rare type of real time strategy. It encompasses day/night, energy/water/food, etc. For under $20 the value cannot be beat. Your every decision in the game is vital to your success or failure. Awesome, awesome, awesome, game. Seriously.
I Like This Game More Than Far Cry 3.What I Love Most About This Game Is Missions.In This Open World Game There Is Too Many Things To Explore.And All Collectibles Are So Much Easy To Found.Weapons And Weapons Holsters Are So Much Fun To Watch And Use.Animals Are Much Active Than Far Cry 3.Like 2 Bears Fighting,Bear & Tiger Fighting,Wolf & Snow Leopard Fighting.Skill Tree Is Good.And This Game's Achievements Are Pretty Much Easy To Unlocked.I Unlocked All Achievements.This Is My Most Favorite Game In Far Cry Series.If U Like To Explore Open World And Want To Kill Animals Then This Game Is Definetly Worth A Buy
Fantastic game! The story is fairly captivating, and has great characters, and quite the plot twist at the end. The open-world gameplay is enough to keep me occupied without the story, just killing those damn pirates for hours on end. Taking over camps is fun, and a challenge in the later game. Interesting skill system. Overall, my favourite from Ubisoft
Slightly buggy and unoptimised(have to wait for patches but playable at the least)In game---This game has no regard for physics what so ever(you can wingsuit from an almost stand still parachute) and this leads to insane explosions and combos which make the game looks like some michael bay movie,and frankly couldnt get any better.AND you ride a frikkin missile...yeah you read that right a frikkin missile just like JC2.Story-dont careScrew the story and explore the vast land liberating cities and making statues facepalm themselves.my rating 8/10If the can give extra jumpy physics to wine barrels then they can make a game right.....just give them time.
I definitely recommend this game especially if you are a AC fan. This new installment tells a new story which is slightly similar to that of Black Flag itself but gameplay wise is everything Black Flag was meant to be, not at all taking from Black Flag as I in fact loved that episode of AC being a historical fan of pirates in real life, Black Beard being my favourite of all pirates and was a really big thing for me to see him in-game.Part of me is unsure as to which storyline is better, Black Flag or Rogue? Something about the storyline for Black Flag was inspiring and very immersive for me, Rogue kind of cuts straight to the chase but with a somewhat equally inspiring storyline and the fact you get to play as a bit more of a solid bad guy than the other episodes is cool too. Needs to be more games based from the villains angle. Playing as a Templar agent is quite bad ♥♥♥.Even if you are new to Assassins Creed this storyline will be easy to get on board with however I strongly recommend playing the earlier AC's to really soak up the depth of it all as this series takes on a whole new universe of it's own and the overall storyline for Assassins Creed is quite interesting to say the least and honestly worthy of a high budget film (lets just hope they don't ♥♥♥♥ it up).Some of the things that still annoy me about AC to this day and still seem to be an issue I find throughout game is when the parkour spazzes out and simple jumps just cause you to derp out and get stuck which in some situations is highly frustrating but for the most part the engine runs quite smoothly and situations as I have just mentioned happen quite rarely but when they do happen you will know exactly what I am talking about. I have also witnessed AI glitch into objects and become unresponsive or simply get stuck and start running in a spot which allowed me to meta-game kinda a few situations and exploit a bugged AI to my advantage but even this I have only seen maybe three times in my time playing.
One of the best Ubisoft Montreal creations, and indeed the best adventure game of all time on pc in my opinion. Has decent variety of activities, good plot, amazing characters. An overall win, despite mediocre graphics.It's really sad for me to watch once marvellous series to become so expensive, but soulless games, that come out faster than cat gives birth. I wish one day Ubi will understand, that you don't need to produce games faster than light, to be succesful publisher and developer. Just look at the Rockstar North...
Assassin's Creed Brotherhood offers modest but welcome improvements over the previous entry in the series, Assassin's Creed II. Graphically, it's very similar. I did notice a new day/night lighting cycle, and greater variety in character models around the city.However, the gameplay has been tuned significantly. I found the free-running much smoother in this game; I spent less time jumping accidentally against walls that I didn't mean to climb. Brotherhood seems to know where I want to go much better than AC2 did.But mechanics aside, it's the new mission structure that really impressed me. Brotherhood takes a lesson from the Grand Theft Auto series -- the city of Rome is huge, and there's always something nearby that you can get involved with. The major missions come more naturally; you don't feel funneled towards them in Brotherhood like you do in AC2. You can take them on early, or muck around in the city for a long while before addressing the major story.And - the story. The Assassin's Creed storyline is still wonderful, and improves in Brotherhood. The cut scenes are well-balanced so they don't dominate gameplay. The body models are expressive and evocative, and the voice acting is excellent. I find that I really care about these characters and what's happening in the story. Also, Brotherhood really improves Desmond's meta-story. Last comment - Assassin's Creed has the best cities in video games, hands down. Brotherhood takes place almost exclusively in Rome during the renaissance. The city and nearby countryside is massive! But the attention to detail is remarkable. You see different NPC character models in different parts of the city, and they change between night and day. People mill about in a realistic fashion; some have places to be, others chat in the shade. The ambient noise is fantastic. And never a loading screen as you move about.So... Assassin's Creed Brotherhood is over 4 years old as I write this, so I doubt I'll convince anyone to play it who hasn't already. But it looks great, plays great on PC with a controller, and really delivers a satisfying experience. It's definitely worth your time.
By Far the best Assassin Creed I've played. Storyline is not the greatest but the free roam aspect of the game is really well done. Not to mention the awesome naval combat which is nothing short of outstanding. The idea of managing your ships crew, taking down and boarding other vessels is one elemnet which they really perfected in this game. The character customization could be worked on and their are a fairly small amount of weapon choices which could also be improved. The melee combat is one of the best ever with a wide range of moves and some awesome different stealth takedowns. Not to mention the amazing graphics which are one of the best i've ever seen, let alone in an Assassin Creed game. Overall I highly recommend this game, by far the best Assassins Creed and deffiently worth a play.
