(One update to this at the bottom)If you-'re low on cash and trying to get a survival-based game, Unturned is a great choice. Hardly any lag or bugs so far, simply because I don-'t play on public servers, so I can-'t say anything about that. But going Han Solo gives you a great experience without aggressive players. The beginning is the most challenging part, because you start out naked somehwere on an island called -PEI-, with nothing but a flashlight and maybe a candy bar and a juice box. Or, if you dislike getting killed by zombies, there-'s the map -Arena- which has a slight Hunger Games feel.Pros:-It-'s free-Little bugs or lag-Low(ish) learning curve-Variety of locations-Realistic-ish needs such as Thirst, Hunger, Sickness, and Stamina-Energy Drinks-Simple graphics-Skill cusomization-Did I mention it was free?Cons:-Heard of hackers on public servers-Heard of very aggressive players on public servers-Very easy after getting settled in with good items-Need to use the wiki for crafting-Only two, medium-sized mapsEnd Result:Get it, definitely! It-'s free, so you won-'t feel guilty about spending money if you dislike the game. Also, by the end of January there is a scheduled 3.0 update, that will hopefully fix most bugs and glitches, add a new -Canada- map, the largest map in the game, update the crafting, update the vehicles, and even add a new neccesity related to how cold you are. You can check the map update news yourself for some hype-inducing preview pictures!P.S.It-'s free~REVIEW UPDATE~The 3.0 update came out, and Unturned-'s new Beta mode looks great! Nelson is making great progress on upping the ante. Unturned is really beginning to shape into a full game, very akin to Day Z with the backpack system. The game mechanics are different from the Alpha, including a ton of different skills. There is fishing now, in case hunting wasn-'t your thing, or you want to collect food without attracting too much attention but are too lazy to farm and settle. There is now a little bit of lore to how the apocalypse started, and the Canada map has been changed to PEI again. I have a feeling there will be exploration off of the island of PEI, but I haven-'t exactly gotten that far yet. (Still free, btw.) The crafting system has been greatly improved, where depending on you crafting level in the skill tree, having an item will automatically show you what you can craft with it, along with the other items also required. Unturned Beta shows even more promise than the Alpha did. Oh, and watch out for Mega Zombies. (Pro tip, use a gun) (Pro pro tip, when you don-'t have bullets, use a sledgehammer) (Pro pro pro tip, just run away, it-'s easier... sort of)
