To be fairly honest: The first time I stepped in the game, my friend gave me all the end game armor and basically I was OP..So, I created a new character, so I could experience what this game had to offer. And, no surprise. I loved it!- Music is amazing.- Gameplay feels smooth and controls are responsive. - The story, although not too obvious, is pretty compelling. Overall, this game is amazing. Buy it.Oh and the new update is cool too, so yeah-
It's basically a PC version of Smash Bros. Who wouldn't want that?
Oh my god, this game is awesome. It's tons of fun, especially with friends, 10/10. You. Buy. Game. Now.
I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear  I'm playing for the story I swear
Wow,Such fun,Very critizism,So magic,Much swords,Overall. 9.5/10
10/10 would cry again.
Oh. My. GOD. This game is pure awesome. The voice acting in this game is FLAWLESS. The overworld is so big and there are MANY hidden secrets that can only be found when exploring. There are TONS of sidequests if you wanna take a break with the main mission. The combat is good. And just. Wow. This game is fun. 10/10. NO. 11/10. NO WAIT. 1000000/10. :3
Addictive, Fun, Hilarious,And just an AMAZING casual game. <3
