DayZ at the time as it is now isn-'t the greatest it could be as it is still in Early Access and the developers have clearly stated -WARNING: THIS GAME IS EARLY ACCESS ALPHA. PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE IT UNLESS YOU WANT TO ACTIVELY SUPPORT DEVELOPMENT OF THE GAME AND ARE PREPARED TO HANDLE WITH SERIOUS ISSUES AND POSSIBLE INTERRUPTIONS OF GAME FUNCTIONING.- nearby the trailer of this game. So if you are looking to buy a full completed DayZ stick with the mod for now as Arma 2 on sale is usually $3 along Operation Arrowhead being $2, this game does have many glitches and you will die alot by glitches such as the following but not limited too- Invisi Ladders- Invisi walls- Invisi zombies- Superzombie wall punching- Walking off roofs when eating- Bandages not working- Lag in generalBut all this is expected in a Early Access gameNow that all the bads are out of the way I can start with the goods. The game has a beautiful artstyle that very much fits the zombie apocalypse setting. also i believe night time is done brilliantly but the flashlight may be a bit too bright you could say (Any DayZ player who has used the or seen the flashlight will know what i mean). Seriously, don-'t use the flashlight at night, it-'s a beacon... Anyways, I have to say the interface and inventory screen runs much smoother and is easier to get accustomed too then the Mod version. with nothing clogging up your normal vision and a much easier way to loot and store items into your backpack. Speaking of inventory, DayZ has added the new ability to clothe your character, making it easier to identify people, giving new loot to look for and an all around general gameplay experience, those TTSkO pants could mean the life and death of your character. Also this clothing allows for a new way to store items, some dress items may hold 2-8 spaces and others may hold nothing at all, so it gives (again back to the looting experience) a new way for players to easily pickup and take items without all the hassling around and gives them more stuff to look out for.Now for gameplay, I reckon gameplay can be classified as either 1. Gameplay or 2. Gunplay. So I will cover bothGameplayThe gameplay in DayZ at the time does feel exciting when you first start off and throughout most of your journey to NWAF and back to Elektro or something. but once you sorta get into the higher gear items there becomes less to do, although this has kinda been fixed in the past few updates (Hunting, Fishing and soon to be camptents/camping) you still end up heading down to the coast and preying on Fresh Spawns. But other then that the gameplay of DayZ works real well because you could be roleplaying or just messin around in general.GunplayDayZ weaponry works much like Arma 2 with the exception of melee (I will cover melee near the end) with the change of having to find all your ammo and making sure that ammo is in a pristine - worn condition (Weapon jams may be added in the future). Also, when your new to DayZ you grab whatever firearm is put infront of you, right? but because DayZ implements realism into the firearms you really gotta think if you want to take that Sporter.22 or head to the police station to see for an SKS or such, along with this you have to be aware of what ammo each gun takes and where you can find that ammo, for example if you had the choice between an AKM or an AK101, I will probably go for the AKM as its ammo is relativly easy to find (Counting you found the AKM at a military base) over an AK101, sure the AK101 has a higher fire rate and better accuracy, but the AKM has an easier supply of ammo to be found. Now for the proper gunfights, a gunfight is probably the moment in DayZ where your heart gets pumping knowing that if you die, you lose all that good loot, All dem beans, so this goes back to our weapon problem, because having a good weapon or a bad weapon in a gunfight can result in a different outcome, say if you had a Sporter.22 and you fought a guy with an Mosin, he would probably win, whereas if you had an AKM and you fought a guy with an FNX45 you would probably win. Another important thing you have to know what you-'re fighting, if its a Mosin you know he can get a max of 2 hits on you before your dead, whereas if its an M4A1 he could probs get around 5-10 hits to kill you. But it really all comes down to who fired first and what position that person was in, if your enemy was in a bush on a hill and you aren-'t a full experienced player you will probably die, but if you have the situation reversed, then he will probably die. Now melee weapons are a bit different, you will mostly use a melee weapon for zombies only as 1 punch to the head on a person can knock em out, allowing you to steal loot, although don-'t go punching guys with helmets, -'cause then you will just get a sore hand and probably a few bullet holes. So i prefer to use Melee weapons for zombie encounters only but that is entirely up to you. most melee weapons are 1-2 hits on zombies so that is probably explains why i use them seeing as it will take a few more hits on a player.Anyways all in all i would-'ve given this game an 7/10 because of all the bugs but seeing as it is clearly stated by the developers that you don-'t want to buy this game if you don-'t like bugs, I will exlude the bugs and give it a 9/10
11/10 would spend 30 minutes trying to connect to an Oceania server again
THIS GAME IS AWESOME, U HAVE TO GET IT
