Fallout New Vegas is a game of remarkable scope, and occasionally excellent writing (albeit more in the DLC than the main game). However, it took the dedicated and unpaid work of players to fix the poor state the game was left in by the devs. As admirable as the game may be in some respects, the striking lack of polish dulled the experience for me. eg:- Crashes. Constant CTDs, even more than its unstable predecessor, and more than any game I-'ve played in years. Obviously some systems fare worse than others, but the fact that the anti-crash patch is one of the most popular speaks volumes.- Performance issues. On an i5 and 280X, framerates dropped as low as 45 in parts of the (unmodded) game. It took a fan-made settings editor and patch to get it to a stable 60 fps - and even that doesn-'t deal with the terrible pop-in.- Bugs. A true radroach infestation. Just a few:Numerous approaches from a messenger telling me Papa Khan urgently needs to see me. After crossing the map to get there, he has nothing to say.Returning from DLC and trying to re-add my companions, but the game refuses because it wrongly thinks they are already with me.Getting stuck endlessly falling from a ridge, or trapped in a rock or wall (the former-'s the worst, as it-'s impossible to fast-travel out of).The Other Beef. -Ooh, a mystery. This sounds interesting. *crash, reload* Right, a mystery. Ooh, the plot thickens. *crash, reload* Right, mystery, plot thickens, let-'s get on with this. Okay, this part of the quest sounds urgent - let-'s save this person. He-'s saved and...now he-'s stuck. *reload* Saved him again, and...he-'s stuck. *reload* Saved him and it worked! Now the quest is abruptly over, breaking the rest of it, yet the game acts as if I fully completed it and solved the problem.The NCR MP inexplicably attacking me after getting a quest from the ambassador.Enemies getting stuck on or, better yet, IN, the landscape.All known bugs, remaining in a fully-patched game.- Design choices. -Hey, let-'s constantly take away a large chunk of the player-'s inventory. And let-'s return the items one...by...one with a sound for each. THAT won-'t get annoying...-- Lazy quest design. -Oh, a murder mystery. How exciting! Let-'s talk to all the suspects. Hmm..that was unhelpful...why is the quest marker pointing me to this building? What-'s in that safe? ...A written confession, seriously?- Worse yet, used more than once - see both Boone-'s and Cas-'s quests.With various fan-made mods (anti-crash, anti-stutter, YUP, etc), the game is greatly improved, but should it really be up to fans to fix what the developers didn-'t bother to address?
A clever take on tower defence, with a concept and aesthetic which has a degree of charm. Although content is a little limited, the gradual unlocking of characters and ability to purchase upgrades between runs gives plenty of incentive to keep trying.
I thought Shadowrun: Returns was an impressive game, but Dragonfall makes it look like a mere proof of concept.Combining an outstanding plot, a remarkable amount of content (much of which is easily missed), multiple ways to solve quests (particularly non-violent solutions, given that combat awards neither experience nor loot), memorable characters, distinct differences in character builds and solid mechanics, this is one of the best RPGs I've played,It's not flawless - loading times are slow, some mechanics are poorly explained and there are lingering bugs, but every great RPG has a few rough edges. This is a game well worth experiencing.
-I-'m getting emotional. And that emotion is ♥♥♥-KICKING!-Just when it seemed Saints Row The Third had reached the limits of ridiculousness, IV takes things to a new level. More hilarious (and occasionally strikingly poignant) writing, a great new villain, some inventive new mechanics and the introduction of super powers make this a highly enjoyable experience. The core super powers in particular - super running and jumping - completely transform how you get around the map, rendering vehicles and aircraft essentially irrelevant. The level of freedom is wonderful, and it-'s striking how much they are missed when they are taken away.It-'s not flawless. There are a few bugs - such as those which instantly completed an activity for me (not that I can really complain about getting Gold level for little work, but it was jarring) and a misson-breaking bug in the Christmas DLC - the quests are unashamedly grindy at times and the game world gets unbalanced quickly once Maurauders get introduced, making it particularly hard to complete some achievements.However, this is a game which is all about fun, and it well and truly delivers.
Tedious, repetitive, arbitrary and broken. A gentle turn-based trading strategy game is welcome, but it needs decent mechanics to back it up. Being perpetually stuck on the lowest possible luck, getting hit with the same few random events (some of them quite devastating) over and over again and dealing with the price mechanics which have little logic is not an example of good mechanics.The soundtrack is nice, but that's about all this has going for it.
Political sims are  hard to do well. The ones that try often go for a grand scale (eg Supreme Ruler) and tend to fall flat. The only quite successful one which comes to mind is Shadow President. Democracy 2 is more confined than most, limiting the outside world and turning everything into sliders and charts. It-'s a nice try, but aspects of it really don-'t come off well at all. Superficially, it seems quite good. The interface is fairly well designed, presenting most of your key info on a single screen - although the inability to change the resolution (leaving me, on a widescreen monitor, with either bits of the interface cut off or a window which can-'t be enlarged at all) is frustrating. There are a wide variety of potential policies, each with adjustable levels.Unfortunately, the gameplay doesn-'t hold up. It is far to easy to -game- the mechanics - just pour money into tech and universities and suddenly you are making massive income through technological advantage, which lets you build up everything else to win votes. The difficulty comes from random, arbitrary and unfair events. Random factors can completely decimate your popularity - slowly build up to an election winning lead over the course of years, then suddenly lose half your voters in one turn because the global economy drops.It-'s also littered with grammatical errors, rather unfortunate for a game targeted at a more intellectual audience.I wanted to like it, but found it a frustrating and unsatisfying experience.
Don't be fooled by its appearance - this is an incredibly advanced game. Not only is it the only jigsaw puzzle on Steam, but it is the first which can read your mind. How else could it possibly know which piece you are trying to pick up and give you something different every single time on the difficult puzzles? I mean, it's not like the devs could design a game so badly as to have completely broken hit detection for selecting a piece, particularly having decided to have them all in constant motion, and then never got around to patching it...right?
Cleverly designed and charmingly presented. Having a persistent character offers plenty of replayability and a real sense of progression, even when you fail. The inability to save during a quest is a bit of an annoyance; you'll need to set aside time to get through it in one go. Aside from that one little caveat, this is well worth playing.Edit - that caveat is now no longer an issue, as the devs have patched in the ability to save between missions. Great to see devs who listen to their fans!
Despite the negative reviews it has received, this is a quite solid strategy game.The writing and voice acting certainly leave a lot to be desired, and the game world can be static and formulaic, but there is definitely an interesting strategic challenge. The campaign does a good job of focusing the player through various restrictions and objectives, ensuring that missions offer different experiences and challenges and forcing the player to vary their style.The area in which the game really shines is combat. The player has access to a variety of characters and their performance in combat is quite diverse thanks to the effect of attributes, perks, abilities and weapons. While some of the battles towards the end of the campaign seem almost impossible, it is very satisfying to learn through trial and error and finally get a win against the odds.The sandbox mode exposes some of the flaws of the game, but the campaign mode is long enough to get good value out of the game. There is also DLC if it really captures your imagination.Well worth a go.
Cute enough for kids and challenging enough for adults. A strangely addictive game, with power-ups and vaied level design and objectives ensuring that the game is about strategy more than luck.
