First Impressions (I'm not very picky, unlike some people):- A promising game. Will be fun to practice my *reflexes*.- Graphics are nice and simple with lots of colours, although they need to optimise a couple of settings.- It feels really fast and fluid - you would hope it would lol.- Lots of really cool gamemodes, lots of playability.- Will need more people playing though, otherwise it'll just end up with everyone sticking to only a couple of gamemodes.- A couple of bugs, though nothing actually that bad.
This was a very depressing tale. But a very good game. I feel like my brain got a workout.
My favourite MMO. I am a huge fan of LOTRO. All the cons in this game are made up for if you have an excellent imagination.
Okay, so this is what I think of Goat Simulator:I HAD AN AMAZING TIME running around as a goat and doing all sorts of crazy goat things. Unfortunately, the maingame novelty didn't last very long. Yes, I had a good laugh (and I don't even have a sense of humour) but the game surely needs more content or purpose or whatever it is. I don't like open worlds too much. I sort of created my own purpose by trying to find a way to glitch out of the map... but what can you expect? this is a SIMULATOR, not a game, and it was developed by Coffee Stain Studios as a joke and a parody of other simulator games on the market (Truck Simulator anyone?). Please keep this in mind if you are intending to purchase Goat Simulator.ONE THING TO MENTION though is that there is no online multiplayer. However, I think I read somewhere that they are working on it. If that comes to pass, then this will definitely be my new favourite game. This game so NEEDS multiplayer.THE MODS are probably the best thing about this game. Unfortunately there are not many fun mods that been created yet. There is a challenging maze mod called The Lambyrinth, a bunch of mutator mods, and some other stuff, but nothing much else. I would love if there could be the following mods: PvP Goat, First Person Shooter Goat, Zombies Goat, Michael Myers Goat, Hunger Games Goat, Maze Runner Goat, Spleef Goat, etc (really just any minigame from Minecraft or Call of Duty).IF I COULD CHANGE ANYTHING it would be the trampolines. They are really frustrating. All I wanna do is go up and down, but the physics make you go side to side according to the direction you fall on the way down.OVERALL, I recommend this game. Especially if you have a hilarious sense of humour (mine has altogether disappeared over the years) and a couple of friends who will watch over your shoulder and maybe do some of the co-op minigames that are scattered throughout the game with you - I like the one where I get to ride on a bike... very fun.
NEW NEW REVIEW (hackers come back again):This game has been hacked to include dedicated servers (at least for Australians). However, I would say that the game is pretty much on its last leg cause even the hackers are messing up the hacked dedicated servers. I would not buy this game except for the singleplayer, so therefore I am officially saying goodbye to this game and recommend that you do too.NEW REVIEW (after hackers):For some reason, I think since the last update they got rid of hackers - the game is much more fun now, although multiplayer is still dead. But I guess that it doesn't matter if you have a high internet speed like I do. Would be even more fun if I had some friends, but I don't...P.S. I miss the Favela map :(OLD REVIEW (before hackers):If you just want this game for the Single-Player and Co-Op (if you have a friend around), and especially to get all the Steam Achievements, then I completely recommend this game - very fun, and excellent hand-eye co-ordination training. I honestly just play this game on Veteran to test and improve my skills.On the other hand, even though this is my absolute most favourite game, I give this game a negative review because the most important aspect of the game (Multiplayer) is DEAD. Yes, it is still possible to play (although you will need a good internet speed to be able to connect with about 1000 people from around the world), but a minority of hackers have completely devastated the matchmaking system because IW do not moderate it anymore.I don't care if I get put into altered-physics games with noob toob explosions everywhere (they're actually pretty fun), but when hackers screw up my ranks and give me level 10 prestige with all achievements and accolades completed without my consent, I really can't take it. That's why I now have to give this game a negative review, even though it used to be so fun.There are work-arounds to the rank-changing problem though (but probably not worth it). I would recommend:- Unsyncing your MW2 files from the Steam Cloud and making constant back-ups of all your online files (if you intend to play on public lobbies) - there are tutorials, just search for a user called Laptop65- Finding a Steam group that host lots of private gamesI guess that's all I have to say...And if you want to play MW2 or any other CoD game with me, just add me cause I will accept.
