The best of the Total War Series.  If you are used to playing resource based RTS then this series of games will be a bit of a shock to you.  It's more about placement of your units and knowing what counters what and making sure you don't get flanked.  A lot more strategic than get the resources and zerg their base!
I paid $10 for this game and have played over 100 hours on it.  10c an hour... way better value than the amount I paid for BF2:BC and played sooo soooooooooo much less!
I bought this a couple of weeks back when it was on sale for about $20.I got really into it, taking Bristol City up into the Premier Division, then got head hunted by Newcastle but it wasn't long before I jumped their relegation bound ship to Leicester City.  Took them up to the top of the ladder, played in the Euro Cup, won the FA cup, had a few good seasons.Got a bit bored and pressed a few too many buttons of management and had an emergency meeting because I leaked some stuff to the press.  They asked me why they shouldn't fire me.  I responded - You won't find anyone better than me.  They disagreed and I was sacked!I had a few weeks holidays, only applying for top teams (Olympic Lyon, Valencia, Bayern) and finally landed the dream job of Manager of Real Madrid.Of course, the team were already performing well and so I made some slight tweaks and went on three months holiday.  Came back and saw they were still coming 4th, so went for another 3 month holiday.  Still 4th, but I was expected to win the LIGA so I played through the important games to make it happen.This game has a lot to it, but it can be slow and sucks up a ton of your time.  I got to the point of just going on holiday every match day so I could just quickly get a result.  I was in 2023 and everything just got boring so I resigned.Still tho, 162 hours (probably 30 of those spent AFK) for less than $20.  Good value.  But I do feel like I've wasted my life!  Hopefully I don't do something stupid like start a new career!
It took me a while to warm to it, but eventually I left the original Company of Heroes behind.The automatch feature works, and the new expansion with the Americans and Oberwest Germans seems to have added a few new dimensions.It's normal price of $50 is reasonable.  I remember when I used to pay $100 for games.  If you can get it for $25 it's a damn good buy.
Really great game, easy to learn and with a bit of effort you will get some very satisfying wins!Totally recommend this game, get it while it's cheap!
This is $3.33 today!  That's half evil!  3:D  Satan says to BUY THIS!
