It's a rather fun game on the journey to get to end-game. Once you're at end-game however, the game more or less runs out of new content to offer, updates providing new content do not come out often either. The downloadable content mission is worth a try as it is one of the more difficult dungeons in the game. Playing with a full party of friends you know makes the game greatly more enjoyable l've found. A unique game that is worth a look at the very least.
What l thought was going to happen when l got this game - Play it myself.What actually happened - Stefanie Joosten played the game for me.Stefanie Joosten Is Overpowered As Hell Simulator 2015.
A great game that definitely deserves a go. The game feels like Fallout 3 with a different story and different characters and l would say it isn't as good as Fallout 3 due to its lack of the post-apocalytic feel that Fallout 3 had. Nevertheless the game is everything you'd expect a Fallout game to be, lots of side-quests, the freedom to explore, the downloadable content packages are also a great addition to the game and all tie together rather well in regards to the storyline.
An amazing game, l've played both with the retro 30fps lock and black borders (the experience the game was tailored for), and the 60fps lock with black borders disabled. I'd have to say l enjoyed the latter experience better. The game itself isn't very scary, which l was a bit disappointed about, being a hardcore horror fan, the atmosphere and immersion however, were exceptional, the best l've experienced in a horror game before. The game starts out great as a survival horror game but then slowly takes a more action-oriented path as the game goes on, but the whole experience is absolutely worth every penny. I encountered one crash the entire 30 hours l've played and no other problems that seem to plague others. If you're a horror fan, l definitely recommend The Evil Within. I only just finished the game before writing this review and briefly started 'Nightmare Mode' so l can't say for certain but from what l've played, l think 'Nightmare Mode' is the difficulty the game was meant to be played on, enemies are much more deadly and aware and it feels a lot more like the survival horror game l hoped The Evil Within would be, as using action in this mode makes it a lot harder to survive. Unfortunately you have to first beat the game on 'Survival Mode' (basically normal difficulty) to unlock 'Nightmare Mode'. That's it!
The shooting is great, feels fresh but at the same time is the same smooth kind of gameplay Call Of Duty is known for, so good in fact that as soon as l finished the story a few hours ago, l immediately jumped back into a new game on a higher difficiulty level. The multiplayer is back to the Black Ops 2 system (l'm pretty sure, l never played the game), the bot system that was in Ghosts has been entirely removed, the servers unfortunately are horrible, l kept checking the status window and everyone's ping in every game l played was all over the place, jumping from 1 bar straight up to 4 then maybe down to 3. Hopefully it's something that will get fixed soon as l was playing on Day Zero release. The game itself seems to be optimized somewhat poorly, however l found that turning on pre-load in options fixed this problem largely as l was able to play on max settings pretty smoothly the entire game in return for slightly long load times, which is no problem as the cutscenes themselves are great and resulted in me only having to wait a few seconds after the cutscene finished. Definitely worth it if you're looking to get back into Call Of Duty, or are looking to join the bandwagon with Advanced Warfare as your first Call Of Duty.
The game is incredibly buggy, as buggy as the Fallout games and that's seriously saying something. For all it's flaws however, which are far too many than should be, the gameplay is pretty darn good fun, especially when you play with other people. The new parkour system is both better and worse than the old system, but for the most part is better, more fluid and dynamic. The combat is also quite satisfying, more challenging, gone are the days of being a one man army, in are the days of (to a certain degree) skill based hack and slash. The customisation in the game is better then any previous title in the franchise and there are a lot of different styles and choices to personalize your character which is great. The story was in my opinion, interesting, it is somewhat a cross between previous titles and black flag, an assassin vs templar's story like the old titles, but also a personal story like black flag. The bugs...the bugs in this game are horrendous, as is the optimization. I haven't encountered the infamous 'no face bug' but l have encountered quite a lot of crashes, some crashes which even forced me to restart the game as they caused my save to corrupt. So on one hand, you could see it as the game is so bad in the sense that it crashed so frequently and even forced me to restart (l'm currently on my fourth playthrough), On  the other hand however, it can also be seen from a positive perspective, being the game is that fun that l was willing to play through the game four times from start to finish. Performance flaws aside, this is the first, in my opinion real Assassin's Creed game, proper stealth mechanics, overhauled combat, l would definitely recommend the game, but only after it's flaws are fixed and the game is better optimized.
