This game is nothing short of incredible. Dont look up spoilers and go into the game blind. The story is incredibly well written and I grew attached to the characters It felt like my choices really mattered. The gameplay is incredible and intuitive and is quite challenging. The music is amazing and I havent grown this attached to an OST since Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance. I havent felt this way about finishing a game since To The Moon and Solatorobo. I wasnt sad because of the story, I was sad because the journey was over. I cant recommend this game enough, easily an 11/10 for me.
For a developer that does game development in his spare time, hes certainly done a good job with Bit Blaster XL, its quite addictive!The style is nice and the visuals are pleasant to look at, and the animations are simple yet fluid. The music is catchy but can get a little old especially when youre grinding credits for newer ships, especially since theres a song tied to each ship. The controls are a little stiff on keyboard but are a little bit better with a controller, it does make landing hits a bit harder (but that could be me only using the controller briefly).If you want a cheap and fun game to kill time then I definitely recommend this. Its also available on iOS and Android.-------OverallPros:-Nice simplistic 8bit inspired style-Nice music-Good controller support-Cheap priceCons:-Keyboard controls are a little stiff-Music is tied to individual ships and can get a bit repetitive when youre grinding credits for new ships.
This game is surprisingly good, I recommend it if youre looking for a new coop game to play with friends or just a nice open world game mixed with parkour. Story (6/10):  While nothing special it does have its set of memorable characters. The main cast is pretty average and forgettable but the characters in the side quests are hilariously whacky and memorable. Graphics (8/10):  The game is absolutely beautiful and has flawless triple monitor support. You can see ripples on the clothing, grass and trees moving in the wind which only gets better during raining and storming weather. The facial animations on non story critical characters are a little stiff but the animations are pretty good otherwise.  Gameplay (8/10):  The gameplay is pretty good and the parkour is pretty smooth, it may be no mirrors edge but it still boasts a lot of similar parkour. The melee combat is where the game shines with upgradable melee weapons that degrade over time, you can get perks to help make your weapons last longer but even at higher level youre still watching your melee weapon usage. The gun play is pretty good and im disappointed the guns dont wear down Far Cry 2 style but it balances out since melee weapons do more damage.The night time can be absolutely terrifying right up until higher levels, my first experience with night time was an adrenaline rush even in coop.The game will feel very familiar to those who-'ve played Mirror-'s Edge and as a fan of Mirror-'s Edge, i can easily recommend this game for those looking for a new parkour game. Controls:  I-'m not giving a score on this since I played it on both PC and Xbox 360 controller controls, so I-'ll write a mini review for it.The PC controls are pretty good but the mouse sensivity takes time to get used to (i really cant explain this problem) but it still feels very natural compared to most multiplatform titles. The Xbox 360 controlers however, are clunky and take a lot of time getting used to but still very playable ones used to it. Coop (8/10):  The coop is pretty damn good, its peer2peer and you join the client-'s game and you do their quests and story. Its drop in and drop out so you can leave and join anytime. The -Be The Zombie- gamemode is similar to the Dark Souls invasion and can make even the most battle hardened survivors work together. I really recommend this game if youre tired of all the current coop zombie games like CoD zombies, Left 4 Dead 2 and Killing Floor. Technical Info:  This game isnt quite optimized for PC and my first 5-10 hours involved me having a problem where the cutscenes would run at 15fps despite pulling 40fps in triple screen resolution (5760x1080) and apparently its coming problem but looks like its fixed now (it happened to different people no matter the resolution or setup).The game has flawless triple monitor support and the side screens darken when entering cinematics. I recommend keeping -View Distance- at the default or turning it down because it has a major performance impact for little effect (it just makes foliage more visible in the distance, thats it).Apparently this game has very very basic Oculus Rift support but I havent tested it until they get something worth testing.
This game is addicting as hell. I would love a multiplayer deathmatch mode.
