I haven-'t gotten all the achievements, and there i didn-'t read each and every entry yet so my full experience has yet to be complete but i can review this with confidence regardless.This game is amazing, i cannot begin to describe how enjoyable i found it; from the voice acting to the scenery, it-'s utterly immersive. But i-'ll go through individually to break it down.The gameplay - This game features a first or third person perspective while you go about solving puzzles for things called -sigils-, this is the core mechanic of the game, you MUST collect these to advance, which means you MUST solve the puzzles, and frankly speaking, it was very enjoyable. I found the puzzles were not overly tricky and most involve some planning ahead, but at no point was i dreading going to the next puzzle, it never got stale, so if you do puzzles then you-'ll enjoy this game off of that alone. HOWEVER, that is not the only thing this game is about, The Talos Principle is a philosophical adventure as well, you are continuously guided by a deep voice called -Elohim- and he openly states that he is the maintainer and creator of the world you-'re in and that you must go along as per his wishes to trancend to heaven; this however is met with an issue when you discover another person/entity on the computers found in every level named -Milton- or as he is referred to by Elohim -the serpent-. As you progress Milton will continuously press you with really challenging and thought provoking questions and this is where this game really hooked me; i literally found myself battling with flaws in my ways of thinking, it-'s so mind tripping and intense and i love it. If you enjoy these things then you will also like the game.Soundtrack - The sounds in this game are really scenic and help solidify the mood of the various worlds, it will at times intensify during intermission worlds such as the A, B and C buildings and at other times mellow out such as during a few of the puzzles, it very effectively immersifies as well by simulating environments, such as birds chirping with a waterfall while playing slow deep based music to really get a calm feeling seeping into the player, i was thoroughly pleased with the use of sounds in this game, especially because you can play at your own place and i found myself just stopping and looking around nice and slowly at times to really enjoy this game. Scenery/asthetics - HOLY HELL, this game was amazing with its looks; granted at times my computer would start buffering because it was on Ultra, i found that even on high i was just completely immersed and mesmerised  by the scenery; it features a realatively large closed in map in all the worlds and the look is very convincing, to the point where you go to a place where a -messenger- is and it was just beautiful, easily one of my favorite places. Story - I will not be doing any spoilers or anything; there are 3 endings, i-'ve done 2 of them with the last one not being done being the -easiest- to accomplish (cough, basic completion); and i found myself disappointed when it ended yet completely satisfied with the endings. This games quarrels between Elohim and Milton quite apparently mirrors the -God vs Devil- kind of storyline, but rather than telling the player who is good or who is bad, we are tasked with trusting our instincts and coming to our own conclusions. Throughout the game as well, we see many QR codes which are translated into messages, these messages are from other sigil seekers, and they show the very different outlooks people may have when faced with such a situation as either scepticism or complacency. This game has a simple plot overall, of that there is no doubt, but it-'s the characters and interactions with the environment that make this game great.  I-'ve left this segment seperate, but this is also part of the story; You will find audio files, these files depict one Alexander Drennan, a person who shares her thoughts on the outlook of the world, human beings, and our creations. She touches on some deep and maybe depressing topics, but she does so effectively, she very much is, in my opinion, one of the most immersive and enjoyable aspects of the game, the voice actor Erin Fitzgerald did an amazing job voicing her and we learn the means that built up to The Talos Principle; i will not diverge into it, as i think that-'s part of the enjoyment and what builds a drive to find all the files and information. CONS:- There are things in the game called stars, they are what they sound like; golden stars. These things are hidden in almost every level of every Hub world (7*3) There are 30 in total, 3 are found in the Main transistional world where the tower lays. THESE THINGS ARE ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T, I-'m not even joking, had i not looked up a tutorial to find them all, i would never have found them, you have to do the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t things, interact multiple puzzles with each other, find hidden passages, ladders and switches and frankly, it-'s just tedious. Through the stars you unlock 3 worlds, these worlds have 9 sigils in total that are needed for the secret ending; I very much dislike how ♥♥♥♥ing hidden and annoying they are, i didn-'t even know there were so many stars needed until about halfway through. Honestly a drag, you WILL need a guide for this.- It-'s a bit short a game; if you-'re only here for puzzles, then you will have such a short playthrough; the only reason i have 20 hours on record is due to doing everything with the exception of a few acheivements; this by no means stops it from being a great game, it really is, i would buy this full price, just be wary that if you truly want to draw everythign out of the game, take it slow, otherwise you will probably be disappointed.Of all of the games i-'ve enjoyed, this game is damn near the top, I give it a 9/10 easy, i look forward to the DLC when i can afford it.****EDIT**** I-'ve just completed the DLC Road to Gehenna, it is beautiful in its own way, it has the same atmosphere as the vanilla game, and obviously still has puzzles and <♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t> stars, but it also touches on a more existenal take, seeing many characters trapped in Elohim-'s prison. Going through all the messages on the boards, reading what they have and the community they-'ve built, it really does show how society can really becomes this entangled mess. I wouldn-'t say it had the same impact as the vanilla, which i believe is due to the lack of voice over, (erin fitzgerald truley made the game a massive experience for me), and it definitely didn-'t touch much on the same existenal crisis that the vanilla did in my opinion. It was by no means disappointing, but if i hadn-'t have been so invested into the story of the vanilla, that i got all the endings (but the basic) then i don-'t think the DLC at full price (i got it during discount) would have been worth it in my opinion. I think the vanilla is the main meat of it, and the DLC wraps it in a nice little bow. Overall this game is phenomenal and i cannot stress that it will forever have a place in my heart and recommendation list.
I found it to be a bit short, pretty sure that's obvious though. But holy hell this game, beautiful graphics, smooth (when PhysX is off) and generally good storyline. I personally feel taht the ending was anti-climatic, but it's easily overlooked by the game as a whole. Worth the money and time if you wanna play it.
