Fallout 4. Definitely worthy to be nominated for GOTY. It-'s also definitely a great game but one thing that it isn-'t is an RPG which is what Fallout games have always been considered since the first and has been even when Bethesda took control of it, to some extent.If you were one of the Fallout RPG lovers that has played the series since the first one than you will be severely disappointed with Fallout 4 as it is moreso a FPS Open World Explorer with RPG elements. (It-'s not a FPS RPG Shooter, in its current state that is. The devs are currently working on a Survival Mode which will be similar to Fallout New Vegas-' Hardcore mode mixed with the Project Nevada preset with a few surprises here and there, though that-'s not in yet)This game has completely watered down the dialogue being similar to games like Mass Effect. In my personal opinion, it-'s not the lack of options that really matters to me, it-'s how in the end of the quest/story you will always have the same outcome regardless of what you say or do. There are only a few instances where there-'s a significant change but for the most part, you can say something nice or be a downright asshat to someone but the outcome will be the same.The karma system has been removed and the only thing that really effects what you wanna say is your companions where your actions will effect their opinion on you as time goes. *Wears power armor* -Danse <3 dat-. Even so if you didn-'t like having a companion and truly wanted to be a lone wanderer you could pretty much do everything with little to no second thoughts. Oh and guess what? You know those snippets you saw in the trailers? Yeah, some scenes are reused in the ending and this game had an ending worse than Fallout 3. It-'s like a -end of the beginning- type of ending and no matter how you end it, the only difference is the NPCs that you talk to in the end. That-'s it. At least if you were a jackass in Fallout 3 there were significant differences if you were a saint. If you played any Borderlands this is pretty much a visually more realistic one, enemy loot, skill tree, etc.So, as a Fallout game, this is not close to one. End of the review if you-'re looking for a Fallout RPG and you should definitely not get it till it has a significant price drop.If you liked Borderlands you are more than likely to love Fallout 4.Now as a game, I really liked it despite the flaws stated above. The exploration was just really good and wish I could have a significantly better graphics card to enjoy the view. Gun play was definitely improved from Fallout 3 and New Vegas, each gun feels different and each gun felt viable. Surprise! In Fallout 3/NV shooting was definitely a problem but in this VATS felt like a huge hindrance as shots I knew I could hit actually ended up missing for the most part. VATS felt kinda gimmicky and more like to add a -badass- effect to your playthrough. Except for when you melee, vats was still definitely viable when using melee and only when using melee.A huge missed opportunity to me is the vertibird we all wanted to ride ever since we saw the first trailer. Sadly, it is a huge gimmick. Here-'s the problem with it, it-'s slow, you can-'t really do much with it AND you can only travel to places you have ALREADY explored. So no, you can-'t send it to unexplored places or custom waypoints making it what I feel is a huge wasted opportunity, heck, just let us call reinforcements or ask for air support. The game feels somewhat livelier than the previous ones NV/3  and you could usually find action every 2-5 minutes which is kinda cool and I like how random NPCs can activate quests for you.Music. Sadly they reused the entire Fallout 3 sound track and added a few new songs which feels kinda cheap for a game that had supposedly years of development so there really isn-'t much to say about it. Oh yeah, the radio guy is meh, need Three Dog. Now the story, it-'s nothing special, it-'s interesting enough to keep you in touch but there are a few problems. There-'s a certain area that you can only access when you reach that area in the quest line. It-'s impossible to visit without cheats in game. The door to it is boarded up. I do not mind things like locked doors, locked gates etc. but simply boarding it up if you happen to explore it earlier in the game than magically appearing later is dumb. If you-'ve played FO3 you know what synths are and the game focuses on them and a quick breakdown of what goes on without getting to deep into spoilers. Synths are synthetic robots meant to secretly replace real humans. The thing I don-'t get is if the people behind them are that smart why couldn-'t they just make new humans with new physical appearances and see how well they blend in the real world. Oh right, cause than the game would have zero story. Yes there has been a time when the institute actually did work on the surface but mutual distrust made them go silent. Visuals, this game is certainly no Division or Battlefront but they are definitely good enough to be Next Gen. They definitely have an improvement from Fallout 3 and NV, people who say otherwise are obviously still on a desktop using Windows XP and hardly made it to the launcher.There-'s my so to speak review of the game, if you liked Borderlands or Farcry you-'ll most likely like Fallout 4.
I threw my controller when playing split screen. 10/10
