8.5/10A great atmospheric game that respects the franchise and adds a fresh perspective on the horror genre.It has unique and interesting design choices while the sound and attention to detail are top-notch. The way the game is burning with tension when remaining fluid is as equally impressive to experience.It does have it's flaws with pacing and the gameplay is not that deep but it is as deep as it needs to be and everything else more than makes up for any shortcomings. You will remember this game and you will feel immersed.Alien fan or not, you will get pulled in...
Currently, it is great post-patch!The game to play when you're not sure what to choose. A fun golf title. Also best with an Xbox controller.
This game is the greetest. It's simple, coach-yelling fun.
Yes. Better than Diablo 2.
Didn't think I could come across a game that was TOO good.
It-'s different, similar to the story telling of Amnesia or Dear Esther. You read, you listen and you pry into the family-'s personal mesages and belongings.But Is it fun? I don-'t know. It-'s like a wierd loot simulator where the payoff is crude questions about social pressures and expectations.And that-'s it really. Themes of lesbianism and general suburbian troubles.It doesn-'t lead to anything significant either. Everything seems to distant to have any impact. Perhaps, if the subject matter was of more interest or imaginative, this -interactive experience- would be able to have more impact on gamers. It-'s hard discovering you-'re a lesbian, I get that, but for a story-based game with a weak story, there is nothing really here.Play Dear Esther instead if you-'re curious, unless you know a lesbian.  3/10Ps. Why give access to a microwave and fridge and not let me cook anything? I wanted beans. Not cool.
Boring storytelling that isn't spooky and with less gameplay than Faerie Solitaire.
Dont play this.Not for ANY reason.
If you enjoy RPGs, you should have already played this! It's got a reputation for being punishing but you will quickly learn to love the fluid combat and solid gameplay design. I remembered what it was like to not have my hand held by game developers.All other RPGs will never seem the same.
One of the best team-play games out there.
