Ah nuu, Cheeki Breeki!!!!!
The nicest thing I can say about this game is that the other reviews are a bit over exaggerated, but I honestly can-'t blame them. The other good things I guess is that it doesn-'t say -Are you sure?- when you click exit, which is nice, and the install and (even better) the uninstall times are pretty fast. To picture the experience of this game,Imagine running with a rubber band attached to your waist, then pumping 50+ bullets into someone, until they turn around and kill you with one shot from their payed weapon. Also, if this game had a reliable anti cheat system, 2/3 of their players would be gone.Conclusion:Parents - If you are wondering where your PayPal money keeps on going and want to save hundreds of dollars a year, kick that little ♥♥♥♥ out of your house.This game may be free, but time is something you will never get back.
Seeing the name, you would think this is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ kids game, but no, it's actually really fun. Basically you build a robot (No ♥♥♥♥♥ please), and kill other people, sounds exciting doesn't it? Well it is, unlike many other games, you can destroy parts of the robot  instead of mindlessly shooting it until it blows up (Although half the time you do this :|), you can disarm them by shooting their gun's, immobilise them by destroying their wheels, or shoot cars which have fallen over. If I had one thing to complain about, it would be the ♥♥♥♥ing rail-guns, seriously, nothing is more annoying then carelessly driving, then next thing a damn beam comes out of no where and insta-kills you. Overall, this game is very much like Death Race, without the race (BUT WITH THE DEATH!!!!!) because you can build whatever you want from cubes, triangles, guns, wheels, radars etc. Just build what you want mate!So yes, this game is really fun, and I would recommend this to people that are creative and like to build, and people that like to destroy other peoples hard workP.S, you can repair your robot to the same state it was before you went to battle, so you don't need to build the whole thing again.
Who knew such a simple game could be so ♥♥♥♥ing awesome XD
I swear I've heard this games soundtrack before...No but seriously, this is pretty damn awesome for such a simple game. Although it can hurt your eyes when you first start playing, so just be careful.
If you love polygons and Infestation type zombies, this is the game for you!
