- Went down to a killer- Killer picks me up - Puts me on hook in basement- Team comes to save me- All of them get downed in proccess- Me waiting in corner- Everybody dies - Find hatch and escape10/10 traitor simulator
*** For the love of god change the default settings. They are set to 30fps cap and vsync enabled. Garbage defaults***So I've been waiting for this game for a long time. When I heard it was released I quickly ran to buy it. The first maybe 2 hours of the game were great. Discovering how things work, getting my ship flying etc etc. After that the game just became a bit blank. It's just repetitive. The good: - Mass open world to explore- Not hard to navigate -Simple HUD design- Pretty amazing looking space to planet textures- Random occuring events (i.e attacked by aliens for cargo) - Interesting Alien encounters (Even if tedious. For example when you find space equipment on the ground you always find a alien) - Decent space combat (I've attacked a few fleets of ships and been wrecked by them appearing out of warp suddenly) - Fun little features like feeding animals- Definetly a decent game if you like exploring planets and such. - Enjoying the upgrade system as of now (Fueling is tedious though, but still really easy to do)The bad: - Buggy as ♥♥♥♥ (as of right now you can't alt tab without crashing- You can't manually save- Random texture bugs- FPS occasionally kills itself- Crashes- Aliens really don't do anything - Planets do get repetitive - Mining the same minerals over and over is painful - Like others have said, knowing where you are in the whole universe would be nice. Atleast giving you a idea- Poor optimization for lower end pc's - No Black holes or abnomalies - Controls at times can feel clunky / irresponsive - Not really any tutorialOverall I do like this game and I'll continue to play it until it gets completely tedious. In 4.5 hours I've discoverd about 6 or so planets and actually flow down and discovered alien relics and stuff. I have absolutely no idea what they mean but hopefully that will play out. Hopefully better optimization will come (even though I haven't really had an issue with it) If you enjoy space games and laser cutting minerals and exploring many many many worlds while shooting space ships I would reccommend this game for you. If you're not into that but are slightly falling for the hype give it a miss. Until they add something or it goes on sale its not worth it unless you really are intrigued by the idea.
Other than the fact I paid for this game when it was released its a great game. - Graphics are stunning- Controls are work very well - Huge open map where you can either free roam or go down man made slopes - Constantly getting better and better- Customization is slowly getting more diverse Only bad thing I have encountered is there are some bugs, which is to be expected. Also, if you don't have a mid to high tier PC your not going to enjoy this game as much. I'm running a 780ti, 16gbs RAM and a overclocked CPU and 4.8GHZ and occasionally the frames stutter. I really do reccommend this game, but again slightly salty I paid for this game originally
Hacked a guy to death from behind with an axe. 10/10
