The steam economy servers are not responding.The steam economy servers are not responding.The steam economy servers are not responding.The steam economy servers are not responding.fdghfsdvgfhgdfhgsdhgshdfshdfsdhgsdjghjsfdhjsgdnhjdhsdvsdbsjdfvgdblwkdnwuidbgdljsdkhwdjkgwjbsdjgwsfvgsdjksdjk;sbjebgTL;DR - The steam economy servers are not responding.Legitimate review down here:The game of Unturned is an enjoyable experience that indulges a range of emotions for your pleasure. Fyi: Only I can be a ♥♥♥♥ to other people. No one else can.PROS:- Simple to wrap your head around- Range of weapons to kill people with (If you must, you ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥.)- 5 types of enemies (Fast zombies, Slow zombies, Zombies that are just zombily, Mega zombies and players [♥♥♥♥ you if you're a player].)- Rewarding XP system- Mod support- 3 maps by default- optional singleplayer- Trolling people is rewardingCons:- ♥♥♥♥ing Players- Reveals Humanity deserves to die- Singleplayer is no fun without players however- Map size / player ratio (on most servers. 12 players per server [imo] is best. 24 players [imo] is too high) makes map to smalls- Inventory system is terrible- Hitboxes that are oddTL;DR - Why do I play this? Because I'm crazy and so are you!Rage mode review:Unturned is a game that will make you rage. Death is your constant companion because of the rules that KOS applyby default on servers, according to players that play online atleast. Why? because it's an infinitely repeating cycle. Once one player killed someone without questioning why, that guy started doing the same. Those achievements for killing other players are also motivating factors. ♥♥♥♥ing hell, why can't we be friends, mayte?TL;DR - ♥♥♥♥ you if you're a player who kills on sight
Mini Motor racing is really fun and childish but it gets really boring fast. I think this would be a lot of fun to derp around with friends or random people on the internet, to bad nop one is playing it.I have also tried the Ios version and it seems better on Ios, so if you are going to buy this game, buy it on Ios.6/10 Fun but it gets boring fast
