So much fun! Kinda like a mix of FTL and Terraria only with so much more! really worth the money :D
Ok so... Basically... Soccer (football or whatever the hell your country says) with cars... why dont you own this game already? Il tell you why... either your broke as hell and should steal the money to buy this game, your buying it right now so good for you or your not sure if you will like it. If thats the case then I might have to put a bounty on your head because this game is ♥♥♥♥ING Amazing! If your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ isnt as tight as one of those red rubber bands then you will certainly get your moneys worth in fun and gameplay because this game... it just works... perfectly. So much customisation, so much fun, so much diversity... I just... you must own this game, there isnt an excuse in the world why you should own this game and if you find one then H dont like you... go away. 10/10 vote Rocket League for president
If you didn’t already know, The Witcher trilogy is pretty ♥♥♥♥ing amazing and possible one of the best RPG series of all time. The Witcher 3 Wild Hunt, Pants down is 10/10 any day of the week. Role playing as the ever gloomy but always badass Witcher Garalt, the wide open worlds for you to explore just provides hours of gameplay, not only for exploring but completing quests and finding gear to build Garalt’s armour and craft new weapons. The Witcher 3 is so immersive and just dripping with atmosphere accompanied by incredible voice acting and an amazing soundtrack to boot. The combat is brutal and rewarding for lovers of hack and slash games and really captures the heart of combat, especially when you are face to face with a hideous vampire or terrifying griffin. Fighting groups of gang members, heavily armed guardsmen or an army of nekkers, it just feel ♥♥♥♥ing great to combine the skills of alchemy and magic as well as sword play to annihilate whatever foe poses threat to you. The plot line is incredibly well written and the voice actors capture their roles perfectly, leaving you in aw every time you engage conversation. Side quests are just as interesting as the main story line, with each area having its own interesting law and characters who create a living, breathing environment that keep you swinging your sword and flapping your lips for hours and hours. Combining combat skills with magic and alchemy allow you as a player to experiments and discover new ways to combat your enemies and with preparation of potions and oils, can turn the tides of any battle. The Witcher 3 Wild Hunt is a visual sceptical that is both gorgeous and it is colourful and vibrant. The Graphical standards are outstanding and leave you with a boner every time you start up the game. CD Project Red seriously put the time and effort into this game and it shows with all the little intricate details and even just simple things that other RPGs just don’t do, and it’s a real treat for players. You will more than get your money’s worth with this game, it goes beyond common RPG titles and puts come of this year’s releases to shame really. When you think of the price of this game and the amount of hours of gameplay, fun and involvement you will get out of it, ♥♥♥♥♥ all over whatever $80 of $90 FPS you think is cool but actually only has 6 to 10 hours of campaign and a few hours of multiplayer till next reskin in a years’ time. It’s a no brainer, if you have to think about it then you are clearly 12 and want to shoot noobs and make the rest of our online lives a living hell… if so why are you even hear? I know why you’re here… because you heard that The Witcher 3 Was epic and you wanted to know a fellow Gamers opinion. Well here it is… The Witcher 3 is an amazing game, a clear step above most if not all RPGs now days. It’s a gorgeous and immersive story that will entertain you for hours and hours with its amazing sword play, great voice acting, well written story and… boobs… yeah there are boobs. 10/10 Keep it up CD Project Red, let this be a benchmark for Cyberpunk! Peace all  <3
