csgo is full of kids and russians who pretend to be esports in casual. aiming at feet gives you headshots. running forward with gun is inaccurate as ♥♥♥♥ while jumping with sniper somehow is accurate.1/5 do not waste your life on this ♥♥♥♥ get battlefield 1
dont ♥♥♥♥ing buy RAGE it doesnt work on PC. i swear you will get 2 frames per second no matter how good computer you got coz the game is coded so bad.
first of all the tutorial is like a mix of annoying grandmother and Tracer telling you what to do. then i got lot of games that look good on my PC regardless of high/low settings and low on Wildstar is like PS1 graphics. High doesnt even work unless you have the developer´s machine or tons of money put into your set up.Gameplaywise its like Ratchet & Clank cutscenes with basic MMO features, i´d suggest you to get on the WoW train now when Legion´s out, Wildstar isnt as big or finished as they wanted it to be
Honestly the best title i´ve picked up this season. It works great on my machine, has great space battles, epic OST and is just kino gameplay-wise. If you ever liked science fiction, this is for you
Team FPS MOBAs are hugely trendy this season and much like Battleborn and Overwatch, Paladins is definetly a name to watch out for. It´s free, it´s fun, the graphics look great, they got that Pixar vibe in the overall artstyle and gameplay just works and is the kind of ♥♥♥♥ i´d consider buying a new PC for coz you want that 60 FPS upPros = Free, creative teamplay, tons of skins to customize with, fast games (really great if you´re a working class man and busy with little sparetime to drop on gaming)Cons = Still needs to go a long way to not be overshadowed by Overwatch especially since a lot of the features feel the same from ultimates to characters and gameplay. What needs to change = More heroes, more maps, more skins and a big advertisement campaign. Other than that this gets the green light from me. As a gamer since 1999, i´d recommend this to newbies and serious gamers alike. It´s fun.
