This game is absolutely amazing! so here is a recipe on how to make waffles.1 Heat waffle iron. (Waffle irons without a nonstick coating may need to be brushed with vegetable oil or sprayed with cooking spray before batter for each waffle is added.)2 In large bowl, beat eggs with wire whisk until fluffy. Beat in remaining ingredients except berries just until smooth.3 Pour slightly less than 3/4 cup batter onto center of hot waffle iron. (Check manufacturer’s directions for recommended amount of batter.) Close lid of waffle iron.4 Bake about 5 minutes or until steaming stops. Carefully remove waffle. Serve immediately. Top with fresh berries. Repeat with remaining batter.
Too many elevators
Could play as Hitler while shooting zombified tellie tubbies10/10Now here is a recipe on how to make waffles! Enjoy.1 Heat waffle iron. (Waffle irons without a nonstick coating may need to be brushed with vegetable oil or sprayed with cooking spray before batter for each waffle is added.)2 In large bowl, beat eggs with wire whisk until fluffy. Beat in remaining ingredients except berries just until smooth.3 Pour slightly less than 3/4 cup batter onto center of hot waffle iron. (Check manufacturer’s directions for recommended amount of batter.) Close lid of waffle iron.4 Bake about 5 minutes or until steaming stops. Carefully remove waffle. Serve immediately. Top with fresh berries. Repeat with remaining batter.
Fallout 3 is absolutely amazing! I only recently got into the fallout series and i'm quite surprised. Before I ever played fallout I thought it was some stupid ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game with a stupid story and stupid gameplay, but now that I have played fallout 3 I now understand how amazing this game is! You can put hundreds of hours into this game, the world is huge! Adding mods into this game is also another thing IT MAKES THE GAME 10X BETTER!!! I recommend this game to everyone. If I enjoyed it so will you. (Also can't wait for Fallout 4!!)
Okay.. name me ONE other game that can do half the crazy stuff this game can! Name me ONE! Name a game where you can take a Renamon, nail it to a barrel, turn the barrel into an improvised NASA reject, and launch it into the sky, and then make it explode with a gun from Half Life 2. You can't, can't you? Garry's Mod is ultimately 23,000 games in one, and all you need is a couple old Source games lying around on your hard drive. Simple, isn't it
