You can now play Binding of Issac at 1080p/60fps.GAME OF THE DECADE, 70 OUT OF 10
Better than real life.Two popcorns for realismFive soft serves from McDonalds for controlsOne handy for graphical fidelity
characters you play as:a gangbangera rich guy with a ♥♥♥♥ familya man who is 1st on the sex offender registry11/10 too violent for medon't buy this game
Most shocking ending for a 1st episode for a Telltale Game.Enough has been said. 80/10 EPISODE OF THE YEAR
I was bored, so I wrote this review.TL;DR - This game is f**king great, however hold off until it is patched. If you want to play this now, take a gamble and buy it on ♥♥♥ Marketplace.Batman: Arkham Knight in my opinion is the best in the series. The story is brilliant, combat and predator scenarios have been expanded and the sheer wealth of things to do is mind-blowing. However there are some issues that I have with the game, which I will go to in length. Before starting the review I shall discuss the big elephant in the room; the PC port. Iron Galaxy have done a poor job with porting over this game to PC. Arkham Knight on PC has many issues such as horrible framerate, annoying stuttering and have also implemented a 30 fps lock on the game. Even when the game is locked at 30 fps on a GTX 980, it still suffers from framerate drops when driving in the Batmobile and diving into the city. All of these detract from the enjoyment of the game. What was meant to be the swansong of Batman's story is now just like a crippled dog, trying to please you, instead making you feel really sad and sorry. The port also contains a lack of graphical options such as ambient occlusion, expanded anti-aliasing options such as FXAA and MSAA, anisotropic filtering, motion blur and depth of field. Lucky some of these options can be changed in the game's .ini files.Let me just note that there are some players out there experiencing no framerate or stuttering issues whatsoever. I am happy to say I am one of them. I could not explain to you why my GTX 760 is able to handle Arkham Knight at a STABLE 30 fps at normal settings on everything and anti-aliasing on, when other players who have PC rigs that contain 2 Titan Xs cannot play the game without experiencing a framerate drop and hitching. Basically, my opinion of the game will be entirely different to most of the players playing this game on PC.Batman Arkham Knight is the grand finale in Rocksteady's trilogy of Arkham games, and the fifth game in the series (counting Arkham Origins and Arkham Origins: Blackgate). Scarecrow has gathered and united all of Gotham’s Most Wanted to ruin and ultimately defeat the Batman once and for all. In the process, he aims to make Batman a symbol of failure for Gotham, rather than the symbol of hope that many civilians look toward in dire situations. Aiding Scarecrow is the brand-new villain that shares his name with the sub-title of the game. The Arkham Knight controls a powerful militaristic army who in turn is under control by Scarecrow. The story in this game is phenomenal, however if I were to discuss it further the plot of the game would be heavily spoiled for those of you who haven’t finished it. I really think I should discuss the story for this review so for those of you who have finished the story, the next part of this review should be fine to read. SPOILER ALERT, DON'T HOVER OVER UNLESS YOU HAVE FINISHED THE MAIN STORY-t99% of the story is magnificently told. I love how Rocksteady included the Joker in the story. To have the Joker as a psychological threat created by the contaminated blood and the fear toxin is really interesting. Over time he soon becomes the most important antagonist in the game. Even when some of the most disturbing sh*t goes down, Joker is always there with a dark joke to “lighten” the mood. Hands down my favourite part of the game had to be its final moments. There was definitely some mindf**k sh*t going on with the Joker. The only thing that was a letdown was the identity of the Arkham Knight. When the game keeps showing me flashbacks of Jason Todd and the Joker, it’s not like I’m going to figure out the one big secret of the game (sarcasm). Other than the lacklustre reveal of the Arkham Knight’s identity the rest of the story is great. The inclusion of the Batmobile allows for bigger roads in the game world, allowing you to travel from point A to point B. Speaking of the game world, Arkham Knight has a gigantic world to do things in. The game world in Arkham Knight is around five times bigger than the size of Arkham City, which was a pretty big game nonetheless. The inclusion of a bigger game world allows for more side missions to do in Gotham. These side missions are called Gotham’s Most Wanted. Each side missions focuses on one of Gotham’s Most Wanted doing bad things in the city, and you as the Batman stop them. In some instances, another companion is involved in the plot somehow and you get to switch between characters both in and out of combat.The side missions are really fun and are a major improvement compared to the last Arkham game, Origins. Origins became boring after you completed all of the side missions, and the only thing left to do was to collect data packs and stupid ♥♥♥♥ like so. However in Arkham Knight, the Riddler trophies and Riddles are back. I know the Riddler trophies are collectibles as well, but these are just much more fun to collect than Origins’ collectibles. Other than the Batmobile, the key elements of gameplay have been improved upon by Rocksteady. The Freeflow combat system (now being cloned in many other action games) just feels even better thanks to the fluid animations. You can now pick up items such as baseballs bats and pipes to deal more damage to goons and also perform environmental takedowns with things in the environment. The silent predator system has also been improved by the addition of Fear Takedowns. Fear Takedowns allow for three enemies that are near each other to be taken out in quick succession and it also looks really f**king cool.The upgrade system in the game has also been….upgraded (BOOM HEADSHOT SEE WHAT I DID THERE MOM HAHAHA). You can still earn Waynetech points by playing through the game, but you can also earn sets of points for each side mission you do. For example, in one side mission, there are 3 levels. Each level earns you 2 Waynetech points however the final level in the side mission earns you 3 points. These points can be used to upgrade anything from the Batmobile’s weapon systems, to increasing the effectiveness of the Grapple Boost (recommended upgrade).Batman Arkham Knight is the most ambitious game in the series and the best in the series. It’s rich storytelling, improved combat and the wealth of things to do make this game a blast to play. Although the PC port is unbelievably rubbish, hopefully Rocksteady will completely fix the game with haste. In my opinion and the opinion of many others, I believe that this game is up for consideration for GOTY with the likes of the Witcher 3 and probably Fallout 4.
Never a dull moment.
