Arma 3 is a military simulation game. Let me tell you about it.First of all, some history.All of these titles lasted a few years, with continuing updates.Operation Flashpoint came out in 2001, and was a very good game for it's time.ARMA: Armed Assault was released in 2006, and was also a very good game.ARMA 2 was released in 2009, and was probably the best WW2 shooter out there, if not the best shooter, and is still being played today.Arma 3 was released in 2013. Now, this little game is seriously the next gen stuff. With amazing graphics and sounds, a new story-rich campaign, a futuristic setting and beautiful, lush terrain on huge maps is what made it stand out at the time.The game is set in the republic of Altis and Stratis, which are both small Greek islands, although they're MASSIVE for a game's map. There are three teams fighting for these islands, first of all are the locals, the AAF or Independents. They are the Altan Army Forces, and, because pressured by their local guerilla crisis, have made some European and American allies, NATO, or BLUFOR. Although, towards the end of the first episode of the campaign, there are 'entanglements' and the AAF decide to turn on NATO, and then CSAT, a a combination of Asian forces, teams with the AAF. Also, NATO is having a financial crisis. Oh, what fun.It has a few original gamemodes, which were released with the game originally, but so many more have come from the vast modding community.Altis Life, Wasteland, Invade and Annex and Breaking Point are just a few examples. I'll tell you a little bit about each.First of all, Altis Life. It's a very exadurated take on real life. With cops, medics and civilians. As a civilian, you can make your money in legal ways, like apple picking and mining with a liscence, although you can make it in illegal ways like drugs and turtle poaching. You can also go to a rebel town and buy some illegal gear and do more illegal things.As a cop, you'll have to stop all this illegal behaviour. Doing searches and inforcing the law, rebels will have to look out for these guys.And medics, if you're injured, can come and revive you. May sound simple, but it's actually a very dangerous job.Here's a very good Altis Life server: http://reignofterrorclan.enjin.com/With Wasteland, you have your three teams, BLUFOR, OPFOR and Independent.As BLUFOR or OPFOR, you have to work together with your team to kill the other team and the Independents, while getting money from missions or killing players to buy new things, like guns and veichles.As an independent, you're in a massive free for all against the other teams and all the other independents, unless you group up with some others.Here's a very good Wasteland server: https://www.gametracker.com/server_info/play.ultimatewasteland.com:2302/With Breaking Point, it's a zombie game, so basically DayZ. DayZ started as an Arma 2 mod, which eventually became a standalone game. Now, however, it's also an Arma 3 mod. Scavenge for supplies, kill or befriend other players while watching out for zombies.Sign up to play here: http://www.thezombieinfection.com/Also, Invade and Annex is more of a slow paced military simulation. With classes, you can pick your role and fight against enemy AI for the islands. Using all of the game's original content and a little bit more, this gamemode is seriously some good fun if you're more of a strategic fighter.It is overall an ultra realistic game, with tons of veichles, models and weapons, even very realistic weather and day - night cycles, and there's a lot more stuff from the modding community. It has a really steep price at $60, but I picked it up on special, and even if I did buy it for the original price, it's worth it. Trust me, it's worth it.If my horrible explanation didn't help you, check out the Arma 3 Youtube channel. If it did help you, check it out anyway.https://www.youtube.com/user/Arma3officialThanks for reading my review and, if you decide to get the game, I hope to see you!Frank
Okay, so I-'m hearing you ask -Why should I buy Garry-'s Mod?- Well, you-'d find that a silly question too if you-'d been through the same experience some of us have been.And now, I just want to say, the reason I-'m writing this review is because it-'s one of my favourite games. My favourite, probably. But I also want you to know I could say -I recommend this game, it-'s awesome- and be done with it. But that-'s not what makes you want to buy a game.So, first off, a history lesson. Garry-'s Mod started off as a mod for Half Life 2. You play through standard Half Life 2, whilist spawning in whacky inventions to help you along the way. It-'s so much more than that now.It still runs off the same Half Life 2 game engine, like CS:S and TF2 do. I guess it would be classified an FPS sandbox game. But you can change that.You can spawn in classic Half Life 2 props, weapons, entities, npcs, spawn in other peoples creations, go into other people-'s worlds, try out some other classic gamemodes like Jailbreak, Trouble in Terrorist Town or DarkRP.There are also lots of things that aren-'t from the Half Life 2 game in sandbox. Tools. Weld, duplicate, face posing, weight and so many more.What-'s that you say? You want more? We can handle that too. This is where the game really shines. Addons. If you go onto the main menu, they-'ll be a tab called -'Addons-'. This is where you can keep all of other players, and you-'re own creations and mods. Modern Weapons, cars, nuclear missiles! Without addons, you would only have standard sandbox. All gamemodes, such as Melonbomber, TTT, HL2RP, Zombie Survival etc. couldn-'t exist without addons!Some textures and props you can-'t get through addons which is understandable for this kind of sandbox game. For CS:S props, you need CS:S. There-'s DOD, TF2, L4D, HL, DH, etc. Once you have these mounted, (main menu, click the game controller, and tick the boxes in the list) just go into your singleplayer sandbox, and there, in the main props list, will be the ragdolls, props etc. from the games.I reckon this pretty much concludes my very brief review of the game that is Garry-'s Mod. All the rest... that-'s for you to find out.Over -'n-' out,-Frank
Lambda Wars is a very good RTS.If you like real time stratergy games and like the Half Life universe (which I do), this is a mod for you.You can play as the rebels or the combine, which have very diferrent units and play styles.You have a huge array of Half Life themed maps, which are functional and beautiful.The game's graphics in general are really good. I love looking at them.It features very functional turrets (manned/unmanned), and a great cover system.It also features an array of game modes and a huge community for you to play with.I know that's not much to go on, but trust me, it's a great mod, and it's free!All it requires (I think) is that you own a source game (That worked for me, anyway).Frank
buy it m8 its gudif u do not buy i will com to ur hose and kil u lolololi got me knife back mmmm tasty knifenonononononoonononono
The Zeus DLC for Arma 3 is, in my opinion, better than any other DLC or mod.Basically, if you go into the Editor, and you place some things, setup a little scenario for a few guys to play, that's all well and good. Although, if you want to make a much more enjoyable experience for yourself and the players, or if you think the editor is too fiddly and hard to use, use Zeus.Zeus allows you to use the default editor, but in 3D, with easier to use placement and editing panels. Also, you can change things while players are  in game.  Brilliant.It's very hard to explain something so amazing in word form, so check out the video below to get a better grasp on Zeus.www.youtube.com/watch?v=UR_TN_XiZNEAlso, make sure you check out the official Arma 3 Channel.https://www.youtube.com/user/Arma3officialI hope my brief review has somewhat helped you, go enjoy it yourself!
