Great game heaps of fun, but a serious bit of advice. If you wat to win games then play with friends. Trust me, most randoms will make you want to jump off the side of the ship. Which is pointless, cause it just teleports you back up. Moral of story: Buy the game, buy a 4 pack.
Great game and tons of fun, but lacking in content. I finished the game with no deaths in about 30 minutes. That doesn't mean it isn't challenging, as each enemy kill you in a single hit and the bigger they are, the harder they are to kill. It's even better with firends so you have others to explore with you.
Amazing graphics, fantastic coop and multiplayer that actually requires you to use strategy. Overall a really well done game. Be warned though it does have a lack of content at this current moment so unless you are positive that this is the game for you, wait for a few more updates.
Rat fedding simulator 2014
Abandoned and a piece of ♥♥♥♥. Was fun for maybe 3 hours.
This is a fantastic game for people who either can't afford L4D or have friends that can't. It's gameplay is solid and each class feels useful in every map. This makes players spread between each class rather than selecting one OP class. Its great for casual play on easier difficulties and for more competent players on the harder difficulties. The maps at the moment are very limited, around 6 or 7, but its early access and the objective maps have two variations per map.Overall a very good game and it is well worth investing some time into playing it.
The game is fun and I have enjoyed multiple hours with friends on Online. But the amount of hackers in the game is so appauling that you have to switch sessions every hour or so to avoid them.
Firefall: A post apocalyptic battleground where humanity fights to survive against the chosen armada.I personally find this game a fun mix of MMO and FPS, the MMO part of skills, crafting and collecting badass weapons and the FPS of being able to rely on your own combat skills rather than rolling the dice. This game, when I first played it in early beta, had little to nothing to do. I literally just farmed exp until I got to the highest level, then stopped playing for 3 months. Now however it has way more stuff to do, like a wider variety of missions, open world events and (finally) a campaign.Pros: A good enough variety of missions to keep you entertained for quite some time.A cool way to get resources, where you have to defend a thumper while enemies attempt to destroy it.The Chosen can attack ad take over outposts, and sometimes have an invasion in a major city, which causes it to be engulfed by the Melding. (Storyline stuff, watch the game intro)Lots of different battleframes for players to choose from to satify their fighting style.Rewards players for helping each other, even when not grouped together.Rewards for doing specific challenges, like open world exploration.Cons: Map isn-'t small, but it wouldn-'t hurt to make it bigger.LGVs or the mounts used ingame are unavailable for crafting unless you hit lvl 40 (max level) or you buy one from the store.Short campaign (Is being worked on though ;D)When you finish the campaign it doesn-'t take too long before you find a repetitive cycle between missions.Character depth goes about as deep as lines like, -I feel like we can do more, WE HAVE TO DO MORE!- (Feel the emotion)Overall I would recommend this game because even though the missions are a bit lacking there is still plenty of things to do and places to explore, also by getting friends on, you form a squad and try the new Hardcore mode out for campaign.
11/10 Would Seek Troof Again.
Stupidly fun. Worth the buy.
