Airport Ground Crew Simulator 2014.
Yes! I loved this kid as a game (yes, I probably shouldn't have been playing it as a kid, but whatever). I didn't like any of the reboots after the original, but this is true to the original. Thank you for this. If you're expecting a racing game, don't buy this. But if you're expecting a demolition derby, with the added benefit of running over people, buy this! This game isn't serious at all, so don't buy it if you're expecting a serious racing game.10/10. would run pedestrians over again.
The base game is boring. You get all of 2 or 3 trains with 1 line. For $39? No.If you want to make the game more exciting, you have to pay $30 for EACH DLC. And there are a hell of a lot. There's over $2000 worth of DLC. Hell, there are DLC's of the same thing, each costing $30. No.This is the biggest rip off game ever.
Good game/sim, but I learnt one thing: I really REALLY suck at flying planes lel.It's very detailed and, seemingly pretty accurate. I've never flown a plane, but seems pretty accurate to me.
This game is NOT worth $89 AUD. I'm lucky I bought it before 2K jacked the price up to $90. It is so far from being worth even half of the original price. It's essentially a mod, not a completely new game. I am extremely disappointed.If I'd paid the full $90 for this, I would be beyond ♥♥♥♥♥♥ off. If you're expecting a whole new game, don't bother. Pick up Civ 5 on special. It's essentially the same game.
It's an all right game. There's not a lot of variety. I mean, you go collect timber, then you take it to the collection point. And that's the game.The thing that makes this game almost unplayable is that bloody camera. It's so bad. If you have some attachments on your truck, you can't even see forward. PLEASE FIX THE CAMERA.
Boring. First task is to walk for 10 minutes to a specific tree. When you get there, what-'s that? All you do is click a button that says -action- and that-'s the entirety of cutting the tree down? Oh, and look at all these other trees you can-'t even cut down. There are literally thousands of trees.... that you can-'t do anything with. ♥♥♥♥♥est. Simulator. Ever. I mean, I didn-'t expect much from a tree cutting sim, but god. The entirety of the game is walk 10 minutes to a tree, press -action- and that-'s the entirety of the game. If I-'d paid the full $15 for this, I-'d be really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ off, but it came with a bundle.
Such fun. Very cool. Wow. Always good for a laugh.
