Click here for the video.Grey Goo is a new RTS from Petroglyph Games that removes unnecessary micro and brings back the classic gameplay you may remember from Command & Conquer's glory days.ProsInteresting and varied, asymmetrical factions. There truly is something for every play style here.The tech system limits the player in a good way, giving weight to your choice of tech upgrades without shutting you off from other options permanently.Presentation: Animations, sound FX, voice acting and cutscenes are all superbly polished. While it's not the most high-fidelity game ever made it does look very nice as a whole. Even on the lowest graphical settings the game doesn't look muddy or outdated.The map editor ships with the game at launch, opening up a potentially infinite amount of map variation for the future.The eight maps that ship with the game are, for the most part, asymmetrical, well designed and feel balanced. It feels great playing on non-mirrored maps for once.The campaign and story are above average for an RTS game. The story is supremely compelling with fantastically animated cutscenes (the best I've ever seen) and the campaign offers subtle, interesting variations on the skirmish gameplay through fifteen lengthy missions. It will likely take you a couple of days to complete the campaign and some of the later mission are quite challenging indeed.ConsPerformance: The frame-rate drops with large amounts of units and structures on screen and towards the end of longer matches. Adjusting the graphics options does very little to alleviate this.Only eight maps are available at launch, five 1v1 and three 2v2. I imagine they'll be adding more in the future, but I can't be sure of that at this point.What you need to knowThe game doesn't ship with replay or observer mode features, but they have been confirmed for a post-launch update.Grey Goo doesn't play like StarCraft and thus you shouldn't play it as such. Understand and accept this and you'll be happier for it.If you enjoyed Command & Conquer 3 you'll likely find something to enjoy in Grey Goo.The game supports competitive play with ranked 1v1 and 2v2 matches along with a leaderboard for each.Custom 1v3, 1v1v2 and Free For All games are also supported. The max number of players on a map is currently four.ConclusionGrey Goo is a solid old school style RTS. It has some interesting new ideas and brings back much missed old ones too. It seems that Petroglyph Games has tried to cater to the single and multiplayer communities with Grey Goo; this perhaps coupled with a shorter development time has led the game to feel as if it lacks content in certain areas. That being said, the game doesn't feel unfinished by any stretch of the imagination, though it could use an expansion or a few updates here and there to fatten it up a bit (this is almost guaranteed considering the cliffhanger at the end of the campaign). Grey Goo is a solid and polished foundation for a potentially great RTS.For more Grey Goo and other exciting content check out my YouTube channel, The Roleplay Gamer.
Video review: https://youtu.be/9hmhxWHcrPgDo you like FTL and Mad Max? Well, you're in luck because they had sex and produced the two-headed, roguelike love child that is Convoy.The game is set on a post-apocalyptic world where 80's and 90's film and television references pepper the skies. Your ship has crash landed and you're tasked with finding replacement parts to get the old girl flying again. This puts you in charge of the MCV and two combat vehicles, making up your convoy. Your convoy crawls across the map chasing down leads and getting into trouble. You can upgrade your vehicles with new weapons and equipment and even purchase more vehicles to add to your convoy. You must protect your MCV at all costs, for once it's destroyed the game is over.When you get right down to it, Convoy plays very much like FTL. The difference is Convoy gives you more tools to help you determine your fate. You can manoeuvre your vehicles into cover or out of the range of your enemy's guns, spend extra fuel to escape ambushes you don't think you can win and you can track down a camp at any time outside of combat in order to repair and refuel. This doesn't mean the game is easy by any stretch of the imagination, over confidence is the biggest killer out in the wasteland and sometimes you'll find yourself in situations where you just can't avoid losing one of your vehicles. All in all, the best weapon you have in Convoy is being prepared.The GoodYou're presented with a lot of options throughout your travels. Maybe one of the factions hires you to transport a crate for them. Will you deliver it no questions asked or look inside? It turns out the crate is holding a shipment of undernourished slaves. Will you set them free, make them work in your convoy or put them back in the crate and sell them on the black market. All options are viable and not at all bound to a linear morality system. The choice is entirely yours to be noble, pragmatic or sinister. Furthermore, almost all interactions with NPC's allow you to shoot first and ask questions later or not ask questions at all. This is really where Convoy shines, its no-holes-bared willingness to let you be a complete and utter d@#k to everyone around you.Bosses take the form of enemy MCV's or giant flying machines of death. So long as you make liberal use of the pause button, though, the boss fights aren’t infuriatingly difficult, you always feel like you have a chance. But if you're not prepared and the enemy starts attacking your MVC on low health it's all over.As stated above, Convoy is littered with film and television references. While some might find it cheese or cheap, I personally enjoy that style of writing a great deal. It's a game that wears its influences on its sleeve and, as a fan of those influences, I'm A-ok with that.The BadThe game has bugs. Nothing game-breaking, but it is a nuisance nonetheless. Sometimes the UI will freak out and overlap on itself or if your MCV is destroyed a moment after you defeat an enemy the game will keep going even though you can't actually do anything without the MCV. Restarting the game seems to fix these issues, but it is a mark against the overall polish of the game.What You Need To KnowBugs, bugs, bugs...There are a lot of customisation options for your vehicles. Different guns do different things and fire in different ways and with different arcs and line of sight requirements. You can even turn your MCV into a glorious, throbbing weapons platform of death!More MCV and side vehicle options and variants can be unlocked by reaching certain milestones in the game.The game can get quite dark in places, especially if you're selling slaves or shooting innocent people. Something to be wary of, if you're soft and sensitive.ConclusionAll that being said, I've had a lot fun with Convoy. It's a great concept and I'm thrilled that games like this are being made.If you enjoyed FTL and like the idea of that concept being translated to ground vehicles, or if you're a Mad Max junkie and you enjoy tactical roguelikes, you might want to have a look at Convoy.As the bugs aren't game-breaking I have no problem recommending the game, but do keep in mind that you are likely to come across annoying little hiccups here and there. So, if that kind of thing really bothers you, you might want to wait until they're patched out before buying the game.For more reviews, gameplay videos and shenanigans visit  The Roleplay Gamer  YouTube channel.
Sweet. Mother. Of. Christ!This game somehow manages to be visceral while also making you play in a methodical, tactical manner. It-'s understated and yet bombastic at the same time.Simply put: play pre-made campaign maps to acquire money, use that money to purchase pilots, vehicles (mech/tanks), weapons and semi-procedural missions then mix and match for huge replay value in the freelance mode. It-'s a super simple career-esque formula that feels like an arcade version of MechWarrior Mercenaries and I love it!(NOTE: I say -career mode-, but it really isn-'t that deep, don-'t expect a management game here).Combat is satisfying and varied due to the wild loadout combinations you can create; fast, light mechs with heavy weapons, giant, slow walkers with enough -dakka- to put the greenskins to shame and any variation in between. I personally recommend the -'Fork-' mech with dual -'disco-' turrets (example  here).The game is not easy, but at no point does it feel unfair. It can be difficult to get the hang of aiming at first, but all the projectile arc information really is right there in front of you, so it doesn-'t take long to figure out. As long as you don-'t rush in and try to take on swarms of enemies all at once you should be good. Just like MechWarrior Online, this is a form of cover shooter; sneak behind buildings and only engage when you-'ve got the advantage. And speaking of buildings, everything is destructible... and I mean everything.In conclusion, it-'s a simple isometric mech/tank action game with some light customisation, fully destructible environments and a great synthwave soundtrack. Recommended!
I-'m having the same performance issues as a lot of other people. I-'m posting this -'review-' in an attempt to help counter the -only the vocal minority are having issues- argument.Performance is inconsistent with an AMD R9 390 and an i7-6700 on all graphics settings (well above the system requirements). Fps ranges from 80 fps on RARE occasion to a more common 16 - 20 fps. Furthermore, the game stutters a lot rendering it completely unplayable at times. To sum up here, I-'m just not having fun trying to wrestle with the stutters.UPDATE: After further investigation I-'m convinced the stuttering is caused by CPU usage spiking to 100% while the game generates terrain. Keep in mind I have NEVER been able to max out my i7-6700 before and the system requirements call for an i3... yeah, right.Moving away from performance issues for a moment, some things you should be aware of...Saving does not occur where you might naturally expect or when you exit the game, so be prepared to replay a lot of gathering sections if you have to close the game before returning to your ship (entering and exiting your ship SHOULD save progress, but it doesn-'t always work for me).The flight mechanics are extremely basic (pitch, yaw, roll) and there doesn-'t seem to be a way for you to stop your ship, it-'s always moving forward. This isn-'t a criticism as such, just something you might like to know if you were hoping for a more engaging flight system.The survival/gathering elements can get quite tedious as it doesn-'t seem to take much to anger the sentinels. I did find it a bit off-putting being harassed within the first few minutes of the game while I was just trying to complete what was essentially the tutorial. They weren-'t difficult to fend off, it-'s just something I found a bit awkward from a game design standpoint.Ultimately, I-'m not recommending this game due to the performance issues alone; the other points I-'ve made here are simply things I think some people would like to know before purchasing the game. I hope this helps someone.
