A fantastic game where every single move must be calculated by the player. Do you use the whip to try and reach around corners or do you bring along the bow so that you can reach far off enemies, believe me, these are vital things to consider because the wrong decision can cost you the run. This game was definitely worth every single cent.
The life of a tf2 player:F2p: This game looks fun I bet I can own these noobs.Gibus: Wat is cloack?Normal player: Ill get a few dominations and leave.Above average player: There are expensive hats in this game? What do you want for them?Pro: Meh the only reason I topscored is because the other team mvp has only 100 points.Asshat: STOUT SHAKO FOR 2 REF TRADE ME.
Threw a stick at a ghost dog.Win battle.10/10
The crafting system is incredible the design is incredible this entire game is incredible probably the best 2d game I have ever played.
I was Duke William the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of Normandy.My name was suitable for what I did.Conquer England.Create Brittania.Die.Everyone hates me.Kill everyone.Plant imbeciles into my duchies and counties.Everyone loves me.Shag the Queen of France.She dies of Pneumonia with no heir.Except for my little baby ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Make him legit.Marry Queen of Denmark.Sadly, my little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ won't rule Denmark.But his brother will.Denmark conquers Norway.Conquer Portugal.♥♥♥♥'s getting serious.Conquer Galicia.Die after 30 years of shagging.Little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ now rules the waves.And France.He lost Aquitaine, but I'm fine with that.Conquer Aquitaine.Conquer Hispania.Die.Become a Midas Touched. Aww yea-CRUSADE FOR HUNGARYWaitwat.Hungary is a Sunni controlled Christian State.I'll take the mega Hungary deal with a side order of Bulgaria.Some guy has a claim on Hungary.You my good sir, are going to die.Kill him and all his heirs.There is now a Queen of Hungary.She lives, for now.Because I died.Conquer my cousin- the King of Denmark.Conquer The Netherlands.Holy war Suomi.Entirety of Russia comes for me.Start a land war.Well. ♥♥♥♥.Lose Scandinavian territories.HRE saw their chance and took the Netherlands right after the holy war.Oh no.Muslims.There aren't any.But there are Mongols.Lots and lots of Mongols.More Mongols than Catholics.Everyone has no levies because of my wars.Mongols have levies.Even Russia couldn't take the Mongols.They collapse.The one thing that could have saved us.Wait.The Mongol Khan has Ultimogeniture.3 year old takes their throne.This is our only chance.Built up strength while they fought Russia is unleashed.CRUSAAAAAAAADE!Take Jerusalem back.Inch our way into North Africa.Game ends with Christianity about to win Tunisia.Mali lives on as the only Muslim state left.Many rulers died after the fight with Russia.But who gives a ♥♥♥♥ about them.
I was a Glowing bug, a not glowing bug, a robot engineer, Dwayne the Rock Johnson, Dwayne the Crystal Johnson, Dwayne the Metal Johnson and super slug. 11/10 would be a really weird family again.
I was a farmer. I was alone in my shack before the plague hit. When it did, I grabbed my shotgun, headed out into the wild and died seconds later from radiation because I ate a rotten cabbage a few years ago.
