One of the greatest representations of any aircraft ever.
Two years ago? Yes, probably my favourite game of all time.Now? It upsets me how much of a failure this game has became.Its free to play so download and try for yourself, but do not put any money into this game. You will regret it sooner or later.
This game has connected to me on a emotional level.When I first puchased this around two months ago, it was an alright game, third-person, nice looking and had some nice controls. Since the Closed-Beta update, this has become one of the most amazing games I have ever played.The main thing they have added is a first person camera, which adds so much immersion it is crazy. The controls are now a lot more smoother, simple, but very diverse and allow you to carve it up very realistically.One of the main problems I encounter frequently is texture pop-in and missing textures. There is nothing worse than dropping in and having a rock appear 3 metres from you. These are teething issues that are sure to be fixed down the line. Another personal issue is the added store feature, but since this game will be free to play at full release it is something I can live with, hopefully the Alpha and Beta testers get a lil extra ;).In conclusion if you have any interest in skiing whatsoever you should absoluteley buy this game to support the continued development. If you aren't, or you don't want to deal with Beta bugs, hold out for the F2P full release :D
Survivors? One to many.
I heard a loud beeping noise then died. 10/10
Welcome to DayZ, this is your story.^up there is the greatest explanation of what you'll find in DayZ. You wan't to run through a big town gathering everything as fast as possoible with a fast pace adrenalene rush with a huge risk of some lead balancing? Or do you want to take your time and stealthily grab your items and live for a little bit longer? An exellent achievement in gaming, highly recommend if you can put up with a long development and bugs.
AWESOME! If you like Batman, you'll love this game.
