It's a very fun game, if you like serious strategy games, then this is one of 'em games with such a thing, lots of soldiers, 6 factions and battles, your able to research to unlock new troops or unlock new abilities/increase their abilities effects/damages, etc... this is a pretty fun game, but I have stopped playing it because I eventually got bored of it, but it's still a pretty good game and worth having a shot at, some bugs but hey, still fun.
A great game, shame it's devds quit it and the community is pretty much dead.
*I-'m editing this, because this actually ♥♥♥♥ing happened to me*spawns on top of hillslides down to get to the bottomgets banned for apparent -Speed hacking-10/10 would speedhack againEDIT: lol they unbanned me because i requested for a unban and explained my reason, at least they did one thing right
I REALLY love this game, zombies are not a priority, and most survival games I find are just based on zombies, and the crafting system is amazing and easy to learn, along with getting the matierals to make it, it's considered boring to play the game by yourself it's a lot more fun with friends, I espically love raiding peoples bases, and they are so helpless when they are sleeping and you steal all their stuff easily, even though it's just in beta/alpha or whatever, right now it's an amazing game.
10/10 would uncle sam again
bioshock infinite is ♥♥♥♥ tbh it needs to die its honestly really ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥ i want to kill myselfps: an inside joke between me and my friends, i actually like the game.
... it's alright.
At least the uninstall button works!
This game used to be good... I really liked it back then... but now there are rarely any players, and the only players that do play are pay2win/high leveled players... it had some really good potential but due to the lack of players... it-'s drawn back... I am sorry, I really like this game but it-'s population went downhill.and the title is a little misleading... -Crimecraft- yet there are only four proffessions, chemist, gunsmith and whatever the other two are... and if you actually wanna craft any of the good stuff you have to do a lot of continous crafting and buying ♥♥♥♥ off the auction to get the stuff you want... honestly, the only thing that-'s good for crafting is the proffession that makes bullets, with that you don-'t have to worry about losing ammo... if you plan to work on your custom character then the classes.The pay2win on this is so bad, this game tries to force you into paying, everywhere you go... it tries every attempt to nickel your money.Other then that... the gameplay is suprisingly good, but like I said... I am afraid the game is just drawn back because of the community.
After playing 100 hours on it... I guess the game is okay, but the game really needs to be ♥♥♥♥ing optimized, the more I play this game the ♥♥♥♥♥ier my computer gets, it's like just playing this game pulls down my computer... I'll list some Pro's and Con'sPros:-Unique character and car customizations-Nice custom creations(Music, cars, special logos etc...)-The gameplay is pretty basic and funCons:-You'll get facerolled in 9/10 matches-Extremely harsh on newbies-Poor development... the glitches and bugs... I can't even...-Pay2win guns, if you want a better chance at winning matches... pay up.-PVP matchmaking is fked up, you'll be put against higher leveled players.-Horrible servers...Honestly... if you can endure all those cons, then this game is really awesome, otherwise... yeah, that's it e.e if you can endure it, please tell me your secret... I know I listed more Cons then Pros but I can't really think of anything other good of the game other then the customizations.
