How to describe this Source Mod of Half Life 2...Well first, it's quite a unique game, one that you don't see too often anymore. Purely atmospheric, with some very appealing lighting and graphics. There is little to no music in the game, leaving you walking through a quiet and somewhat eerie area. Even so, this sets a perfect atmosphere, calmly, yet it still keeps you on your nerves.Admittedly, the story is somewhat cliché, but is still portrayed quite well. As you progress through new areas, you meet a few new people who give you small tasks that help you towards getting off of the stranded island you are on, with an unknown company blocking any outer communication. These characters are not always friendly, some attempting to kill you, just trying to survive in this perilous land. The voice actors are brilliant, bringing life to the game and to the characters they play.The graphics in this game are, while not perfect and somewhat buggy, still quite beautiful. There were multiple occasions where I would sit there for a few minutes and gaze out into the virtual horizon, taking in the quiet beauty. The lighting used in the maps are just worthy of a comment in itself. Dark areas have a dark glow to them, while the happier, lighter areas have a nice bright tinge to them. The infected are somewhat bland, looking as though they came from Star Trek and just have glowing yellow eyes, but they don't pose a threat, they are more there to remind you of the reason that you are there.As a total game, I found this to be quite impressive. I HIGHLY recommend this game to those with a passion for atmosphere. Considering this was made with the HL2 engine and is only the first Act of many to come, I can only wait in anticipation for the next few Acts. This game has impressed me quite a lot, with it unique atmosphere and dramatic music. As a total, this game brings back what was missing in the gaming community; Atmosphere. Modern games incorperate as much action as they can, sometimes not letting you take a break and take it all in, but this game let's you play and take it in at the same time. Very impressed with this game, can't wait for the next Acts.
Free Santa!
