amazing game, played the other day for a family reunion and we have never had that much fun together in ages. thank you jackbox games, you guys have brought me and my family closer :)
i haven't played much of this game, but what i have played, i thought it was pre good
THIS GAME IS AMAZING. get a couple of friends together and play this and you will not want to move for days. my steam hours are false i have played this game since it was released. it is a great game that everyone must experience. i hope that we can build this games community even bigger then it already is.
GET IT!!! GET IT!!! GET IT!!! GET IT!!!
this game is an amazing experience. great gameplay, great story, and amazing controls. this is a must own, especially while it 7 dollars. at that price its a steal. 9/10 its a must own!
this cured my cancer. 10/10. great rage game.
get it. get it. get it. its 4 dollars atm for an amazing story, great driving, amazing combat, hacking, and slow-mo. so get it, basically.
the best single player game i have ever played. better then bioshock infinite in my opinion. great feeling of all weapons. awsome fun all round. HOW EVERY GAME SHOULD BE.
extremely disappointed in overkill, they have seriously let me down, i thought they were one of the best developers i had ever seen, finally no need for micro transactions, i thought to myself, a bit too much dlc, got sick of it by the tenth, but thought, hey i can deal with this, but now effectively dlc were you have a chance to get the item, that they could easily have added in a dlc, but no who needs to spend money on making new gun models, right? ♥♥♥♥ing disgusted in overkill, and especially almir, you will not get a single cent from me ever again, sick of this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t creeping into really good games, it ruins the whole experience.p.s. used to love this game, thanks a ♥♥♥♥ing lot overkill.
this game has a great bases for more content, though i think it is a bit short, though that definately does not mean i didnt enjoy it, it's gameplay, while sometimes showing minor bugs, is overall good, it is fluid and all the guns feel great. the revolvers feel like the best guns in the game, but that is because i only use revolvers. but in any case this is a game that while not being a huge game, it is definately worth its price, and if a havent convinced you with this review then at the very least consider it when  it goes on sale.
