im not gunna lie, im a bit addicted to this game xDI recommend this to anyone and everyone, it's really fun to play with you friends and people online.I really enjoy the rankings, gives people something to aim for (instead of just aimlessly playing over the same maps over and over, however i'd be fine with that ;3 ) It's great how you give players the opportunity to create levels and have the chance to be featured for others to play.I would suggest maaaayybeee creating a couple more official maps? Just because during the ranked matches, i prefer to stick to the maps i know well (the official ones), and replaying them can get a little bit boring. not complaining though, just a thought :)the only two things i think need fixing are the few bugs in the game. sometimes the camera is set completely away from all players- this can go on till the game ends, or just for one or two rounds. Rarely happens, but can get quite annoying when playing in ranked matches. Also, happening once or twice, my player randomly flew off the screen, causing me to die.The other thing, which is a lot less of a problem, is upon opening the game, the window is opened half on-half off my screen. Not sure if i'm the only one, but it's happened on both of my computers. overall great game, you should deffinitely have a play of this when you can!
Though simple, the art style and animations are absolutely beautiful. Having this helps when youre staring at the same thing for how many hours  due to dying so much. The soundtrack compliments the game as well, and though freaking difficult, you still wanna play more and more.The controls are simple and not complicated whatsoever. With very few buttons you're able to do a range of diferent attacks. Though i have to admit, on multiple occassions i had attempted to, say, just do a quick punch, though what happened was a quick dash - ultimately leading to my death. Whether it be into a pile of spikes or off the ledge. It just adds to the difficulty of the game, though usually is no problem.There a different factors of this game that remind me of Super Meat Boy, and both games are great. Got ♥♥♥♥♥♥ at both, but nevertheless, theyre still really fun. I'd recommend this to anyone up for a challenge. Youre going to die whilst playing this game. A lot. But no matter how many times you may, or how angry you get, its all worth it. If you're a sucker for platformers, definitely pick this up. Have fun dying!
this is a great game, i enjoyed every bit of it. If you ever have the chance to playit, please do. Theres about 1-2 hours gamelpay depending how much you explore for things and such. I love the story, i'd definitely play through this game again just to relive the events.really glad this was on the humble bundle
This is a great game, even though quite short, i loved it. The story was sweet, and i've gotta admit i got a lil bit emotional when it neared its end. A Bird Stoy is similar in many ways to To The Moon, though TTM is both loonger, and had more of the player controlling it. If you have played/seen To The Moon, deffinitely buy this as well, or at the very least watch someone play it.
