I saw a 45 second clip of this game, and i knew it was something to look out for, i eventually found the game on steam and bought it instantly. Its great, heaaaps of fun.GOOD:-Plenty of experimentations for you to try,-Putting a picture of your choice on everything is sick (i chose seth rogan)-Quite detailed impact system.Bad:because the game is early access it has limitations that will hopefully be fixed. -on highway levels the AI cars are quite buggy/glitchy.-Some restrictions, such as path choice or obstacle placement.All in al its a fun game, worth the $7 (6.99) but i would like to see some blood textures and a bail function.9/10
may not look incredible graphics wise but is so much fun for both single and multiplayer, especially if you add napoleonic wars for multiplayer. and also, the wide variety of singleplayer mods is very alluring.
this game is very handsome
Not good. I went into this game thinking it to be good, well, i was VERY wrong. The combat is horrible and theres no servers with good connection. There were some good ideas in this game, like the visor toggle and the emblem customiser, but they're 2 little goods in a game with so many bads.Wasted my time and money on this one.1/10
I bought this game to play with friends, then not being able to (because we couldnt make a sever) i continued to playing single player. after a few hours, i was hooked. Its great.GOOD:-Fun for single and multiplayer-Easy to get used to-Quite the challenge at times.Knowing that theres so much more to come (such as ship creativity, more races, more bosses, more crafting) i cant really write a bad part of the review, anything i would of said will be in the game soon(hopefully) anyway.DEFINATELY a game worth the price.10/10 for an early access.
incredible, this is just what gamers needed, that huge ♥♥♥ map mixed with your mates is all you need. ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!
Skyrim is insane, its still playanle even 3 years after its release, its a must have game, DLC-HEARTHFIREi honestky thought this would be horibble, but then i got it on sale and it actually adds a good bit more to the game, something to do. If you play skyrim for simulation, then you should get this.Make a house, get hitched, adopt some kids and make them do chores, what better than that?Probably a 8/10DLC-DAWNGUARDAwesome. the dawnguard dlc is incredible, it adds planty of content and a great story line which can go one of 2 ways, Be a VampireKill all Vampires.both sides are awesome fun. DLC 10/10
