great game for people who love building, flying and smashing stuff. i guess you could say its a little like minecraft as you place down sqaure blocks but dont think that the games bad now because it's not. this games is perfect for the right people but if you dont like waiting and dont want to build you can simply go download a mod from the workshop.i hope you get this game in the future and if you do have fun!!
Prison Architect: this game is one of my favourite games of all time. despite the bugs in it this game has some very great features to it such as finances and prison needs. whilest playing you will have to give up alot of your time to play normally in this game with keeping you prison running smoothly and watching what you spend your money on. but one cool feature such as the infinite money mode will allow you to let your imagination run wild with many things you can do, even make the biggest prison. if you have some time on your hands and want to play a game that will make you stuggle to keep it smooth then this game is for you, if your wanting to play this to have fun, its still a great game to play so i highly recomend it.Have fun!
CS:GOPros:little people that wont scream in your face and call you a hackergetting a $100 doller knife after spending way over $1000 dollersa tiny part of the people that wont be cheating or ♥♥♥♥ing around in a comp matchCons:90% of people dont give a ♥♥♥♥ who you are and dont give a flying ♥♥♥♥ about youcant get a refund on wasted life timeyou are nothing to no one untill you are LEM or aboveAs you can tell Counter Strike: Global Offensive is the best game ever and i would rate it a 9.777777/10 GOTY
This is a game that i could play for days. Dead island brings you a hole varity of fun ways to kill one zombie for instance the shock mod (or high voltage mod) has its fun playing with zombies body's as you taser the undead! Dead island has got a few errors but none of them have got in my way they only have been with dead body's that made me laugh but i haven't seen any bad errors yet. this game is proably a 9/10 for me it just gets repetive a bit but i dont see any reason not to buy this game, if you are a zombie killer lover then buy this game you will have so much fun trust me buy it now!
