i havent played The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth for too long, but i can safely say that in the time i have played ikt i have enjoyed it immensly, it is a dungoen crawler that is randomly generated each time you load up a game, which means almost infinite contect for the players. i wasnt expecting much before getting this game but it has unlockable characters and a few more things to aim for. plus it has a item drop system in which it doesnt tell you what the items do so you have to figure it out yourself. but of course you can search the wiki if you need too. everytime you play there is a different experience awaiting. the experience generally ends up being pretty hectic.  i 100% recommend this game to all gamers. its well worth the money and the value for your dollar is great. get this game now.
This game is highly recommended for antisocial rats, and social kings.you can sit in a sandbox game alone for hours on end and not get bored, or you can play one of the multitudes of gamemodes such as trouble in terrorist town (TTT) if you want to have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of fun, get this game :)
Fun and enjoyable, has an amazing soundtrack and a pretty good story. tommy (the main protaganist) isnt all that likable (well to me he isnt) but it doesnt really take away from the overall experience with the game. although i have had some problems with the frame rate and some controls not working when you turn off the frame limiter. if you can deal with those small problems then it is definetely worth a buy in my opinion. if you have are used to a smooth 60 fps on all your games and you dont think you could handle your frames being limitied to 30 fps, and a fair bit of stuttering every now and then. i dont reccomend that you get this game. but if there was one piont of vice city that i would like to push on you, it is the soundtrack. it is great and there is a radio station for pretty much everyone. but if you are after that 1980s miami vibe i would suggest Emotion.so once again, if you arent too bothered with not having a flawless and mooth experience, get this game. but if you are one of the few that could not handle even looking at a game unless it is running at a buttery 60 fps. i suggest you to give this game a shot, it really is great. and if you dont like it its not much money wasted. its GTA vice city after all
Great game with an amazing community. the learning curve if you are just getting into the game is pretty steep, but once you get the hang of the mechanics everything will feel like second nature to you. i urge anybody who doesnt have this game to get it, because you are missing out on a great gaming experience, and arguably the best community on steam.
