The story line is amazing and ties in well with some of the other Call of Duty's. Guns are nice, and graphics are nice for it's age. Multiplayer is absoutely dead on PC, so that's definitely a no go. Very much enjoyed the story though, got me 15 or 20 hours taking my time.
Okay, Rocket League.A fun full-filled game with a basic concept, playing soccer with cars. Nice touch with some of the different arenas and boost options, although I would of liked it more if you could customize your car more. Reasonabley laid out, easy enough to understand. If you want to master it, you'll have to play a lot to grow familar with the physics of the game.Overall, it's fun and easy enough to waste 20 minutes playing. Is it worth $20 USD? Definitely not! I'd pay $5, maybe $10, if they're lucky. Other than that, a nic soundtrack to it and wasn't a total waste of money.
A good game, still has a little bit to go though. Please, you need to include an option to remove the instructions at the start of every. single. singleplayer game. It kills me.Other than that, I strongly think the characters need waaay too many stars to unlock, I mean, I'm not going to play this for hours a day... Think about it.Good work overall though.
Offline? Amazing, great graphics, a good story line, easy controls (once you learn them, there are a lot) and a large map. Lots of bonus minigames to play, golf, tennis, parachuting, rages (for Trever). It can definitely get boring though.Online? Rarely gets boring, but you're likely to run into somebody hacking by using mods, which can definitely ruin the game. Lots of jobs, heist and other things to do along with a nice point / leveling system. I have easily played GTA Online for 200 hours and haven't yet got bored.Worth the money? Eh, that all depends on what you think you'll get out of the game. I think it's worth $80 usd. I believe the Shark Cards (for if you want bonus currency in the game) are a fair price for what they give you. All in all, if your PC can run it smoothly, you should enjoy it.
Yet another Call of Duty. I love this game. Multiplayer truly leaves for dead the rest of the games in this franchise. A lot of weapons to choose from, interesting maps. A lot of overpowered and quite unfair weapons, yes, I'm talking to you mp7. Although this game can get awfully, awfullllly frustrating, if you muck around with your strategies enough, you'll find the way you were meant to play.A good leveling system, backed up by a brilliant reward system and challenge system gives users the ability to see their progress all the way from Prestige 1 through to Prestige 20. Playing in the last two weeks being sick, I've come across a small amount of community oriented people with great personalities.All in all, if you have a few hours to waste, this game can make that happen, nice graphics and map textures / qualities backed up by a solid connection 18 hours a day. (Within Australia / New Zealand / Asia)Unfortunately, I cannot YET comment about the Spec Ops, nor the Campaign as I have not played either.
I love Team Fortres 2. I've played for easily over 2000 hours, and it is a very community based game, lots of groups, players and servers who stick together and play reguarly with each other. (At least in Australia)There are several modes to this dymanic game, Capture the Flag, Deathrun, Saxton Hale, Jailbreak, and endless more. They have an amazing trading based system with new items coming out fairly reguarly. This game will remain in my top favourites for long to come.
