Good for a free game, had occasional glitches of jumping up through ceilings somehow, but still awesome game bugs included.
I remember waiting for this game a few years ago when it was first announced and my friend and I were looking forward to it coming out, then remembering it got delayed for a whole year and we had to wait for what felt like forever. After getting the game, it was fantastic. Looked beautiful (which is suprising for a game set in an apocalypse-like situation) but obviously graphic-wise it was and still is pretty stunning. Have played a fair amount of this game as you can see. The DLC called -The Following- was an excellent addition to the game however it really only added another 7 missions but at least it was in a whole new area with driveable vehicles. All the DLC together has added about another 100+ hours to my gameplay just by trying to do all the side missions, etc.Recommend this game to any zombie-thriller / survival fans out there. However once you play for about 25 hours it might start seeming a little boring and after the campaigns are done basically it felt to me like there was no worth anymore.Goodnight. And Good luck fellow survivors.
Fantastic, got this game as soon as it released and haven't been disappointed yet. They did start with a fair few issues where a lot of people couldn't even start the game when it came out and I had similar issues, but was fixed by changing some graphics settings on my actual computer (not the settings in-game).Have played this game for a long time and still love it, I do play with mods so that's what made the game worthwhile for me as there is a lot you can do with mods. Everything is just beautiful with this game. I recommend the game to anyone that likes the GTA series or for the psychopaths that just want to go in and kill everyone. Also an excellent game because I can take my real life frustrations out by killing people and hooking up with hookers.10/10 - IGN, GameStop and whatever other gaming review industries that are out there.
Best Game I have, everyone should get it, loads of fun and things to do.
Seemed like a good game at first, except for the fact that it does not run too smoothly, it is not my conputer's fault, but the game itself is designed to the point that it is a bit glitchy and seems like it's going at about 21 fps. Also motion sickness as many others have mentioned is another major thing. Playing it even for 10 - 20 minutes makes you feel sick or dizzy.
I know I haven't played this game for long as it says. But there is a reason for that. This game is almost unplayable for me, sure the campaign is alright, works but continuously glitches for me and bodies get stuck in weird positions, maybe that's just my computer but I have a high end laptop and had to set the game to the lowest settings. Multiplayer is a whole different thing, however still very disappointing. I played the co-op exo survival mode and died every within 2 rounds because the game would lag, I was in my own private server, lowest settings once again. This game uses up to 40% of my CPU and that is crazy, slowing my computer down a fair bit. Anyway, whenever I try to play online at any given time, it takes a while to find a game (because no one seems to be playing it either), and then once a game is found it will load and just before it goes into the level, the game crashes.0.1/10 would play again in a decade and then remember it was crap. Buy and play at your own risk. I would recommend getting the game on console instead, but apparently they are having similar issues with multiplayer.
I haven't played this game for that long and there's a reason for that.It is probably the worst game I have played in terms of how it runs, and mainly being the bugs and glitches. I just bought it and was so excited until I couldn't even launch the game. I finally fixed that issue, which then lead to another issue. The screen resolution was set to 320x240 (something like that, not even sure because I couldn't read anything on the screen. I had steam notifications popping up telling me my friends were playing a game and the notification would cover the entire screen After a while of mucking about I finally fixed that, so again, I was happy to get started. Once I started the game, I joined a random server, my graphics were set to highest and so the detail is pretty good but there is a lot of work to be done (glad I'm not developing it), there were some rendering issues and magically disappearing zombies, amongst many other things....Long story short, I have given up for now and will wait until the full version is announced until I keep playing this game.Also, I do know that this is alpha and it is expected to have many issues. I'm simply saying that I wouldn't really bother to get it now if I were you as it (for me), is almost unplayable. :(
It is still too early to recommend buying this game. I know it is a beta and has not even come out as a proper game but this is the exact reason why I don't recommend it as of yet. This is due to many bugs and glitches that occur, such as walking through objects which can get you stuck inside the object, combat can be unresponsive at times, and a lot more than just these examples. Apart from this, I do find the game fun to play especially with friends or a team. Food and supplies are scarce so it is quite challenging to scour the land to find such things. Massive map so far that could even expand a lot larger. I'd have to say 50/50 with this game. I like it because of the fun and experience you get from it, but moreso that I don't because of the attention the game needs on fixing bugs and the like.
