Best zombie Survival game but to hard :>
This game is very fun and is very challenging which makes it funnier so i recommend to buy to get this game Best Third person shooter i played in my life
Pls nerf grinder it's too OP for me.
Lever Action Shotgun, Chain Whips, Ron Perlman, What more do you need? When you got the Ron. 
 Cry of Fear...Cry of Fear is a detailed game with a excellent story that is being told. Simon's Story in a nutshell -~ Simon is a 19 year old male and an individual plagued with anxiety and depression. Before the events of Cry of Fear (as seen in the first cutscene of the game), Simon was the victim of a hit and run wherein he was pinned to a building by a car whilst trying to help an injured man late at night. While he surprisingly survived the incident, he was crippled from the waist down and confined to a wheelchair for the rest of his life, subjecting him to further mental trauma which drove him into becoming reclusive and spiteful of his own life. Doctor Purnell was assigned as Simon's psychiatrist following the accident, and using Cognitive Therapy, Simon was instructed to write a book about his emotions and anxiety to get all the trauma out of his head. Simon and PurnellPurnell talking with Simon about his treatment.Simon authored the book as instructed and the events of Cry of Fear begin - the events unfolding being a metaphorical depiction of Simon's mind and his battle to purge his inner demons through writing, the actions taken during the game showing how well the therapy works.The Simon played as over the course of Cry of Fear is in fact a mental projection of Simon and what combats the trauma inside the real one's mind. The fate of both Simons depends on what ending is unlocked due to the actions made during the game.^ That may be a lot but that mostly is Simon's background.- This game also carries some good Co-op experience, meaning that the co-op is pretty fun and shares another story about how the Police is trying to find Simon to help him out and take him somewhere to get help while you go on a wild adventure meeting some creepy things. 
Only playing it for like not even an hour, i still love it.Most of the animation for the characters are very nice and maybe a bit -naughty- o3oBut some things that i love about this game~ 18+ Sex sences ~ Jiggling breasts~ The dialogue~ The setting the game takes place~ The art style of the game and the characters~ Funny and very silly sences throughout the game~ Nekos~ CatsI think i kinda pointed out everything in this game >u<, but i still think wasting $3.00 or more dollars on this is worth it.
I should have made a review for this game when i had like 2 years ago.This game seems to run fast on my pc and well operate at a decent fps but the only problem with this game mostly is...Not being able to play it at all. What i mean by this is everytime i attempt to launch it brings a black screen and takes me back to my desktop making the game run still but everytime i try to open it up it only brings me back to my desktop, and i cant really fix this problem at all soo i wasted 10 dollars on this game for nothing.
