The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim marks the next chapter in the epic Elder Scroll series. This time your in Skyrim, the homeland of the Nords. A land that is beset by a civil war and the return of the dragons, in the game you assume the role of the Dragonborn. A character who is gifted in the way of the voice, or shout in the ancient dragon tongue. But along with a compelling story line the gameplay defiantly impresses. Featuring side story lines that are equaly as good as the next. Using a completely new game engine, built form the ground up made for Skyrim, The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is visually beautiful filled with lush forests. Breathtaking scenary, heaps of locations to explore, and dark dungeons that hold secrets long lost. Combine all of this with an awesome brand new combat system. Skyrim truely is an RPG unlike any other. Skyrim sets the benchmark for any RPG games in future and is one of my all time favourite games. Already dedicating thousands of hours on the X-box 360, I’m getting to love the game all over again. Become a mage, a warrior, a theif, an assassin, or all of them. The choices are yours. But along side all of that, combined with awesome mods, that make this great game, even greater. Mainly because of the modding community that features an every gorwing list of mods that dwell into the thousands. Anyone who is an RPG. Action, or just medieval fan. I strongly recommend this epic game. The game however is not with out its cons, the story itself can get repetative and dull. But fun. For the first couple of times. The things that truely make up Skyrim is, well everything else. The massive varity of things and quests to do. are endless. And as I said before the mods are an awesome addition to the game. To sum it up in nutshell this game is one of a kind, a true bendmark for all future RPG games. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is one of the best, nay the BEST RPG ive played. A true spectical form Bethesda, well done. 9.5 out of 10.
Dark Souls pushes the limits for an RPG. Whilst being extremely difficult, the game can also be extremely rewarding. With challenging boss fights that will leave you attempting them over and over, the game itself will leave you attempting scenarios over and over. The title suggest it all, Prepare to die. Overall a solid RPG and strongly urge you to buy this game. 8/10
