Got this game as a puzzle lover, but I found that I got stuck in parts. Then I used a really helpfull guide that let me solve the harder puzzles with simple clues, & had black marker hidden answers for when you really needed it. Had an amazing time with a bit of help. I recommend it. A game of simple structure, with a beautiful view.
Going into the game blind, I started understanding the gameplay slowly, and started to enjoy it straight away. I recommend trying it out & seeing what u can get up to. Thumbs up
The game designers were very creative with their artworks. They are able to pull you in to the scene itself with such unique picturesque views. While playing it is fun to find all the secret snouts & memories.Sound effects & music is perfect. The storyline is good, but not too detailed. Unfortunately the character can be hard to controls due to all they keys blindings: especially during battle. But overall fantastic game.
Its back & better than ever! The art, the story, the adventure is delightful! I give all my support!
Alrighty, its a great game, love the challenges, characters, style, story & stamper is awesome...........................................................................................................................But Jesus is anyone else having trouble with the timing level 7. I've been stuck. Its fustrating. I am terrible with timing games. Plus it doesn't save ur progress. U gotta play all last 3 timing levels at once. Need more time or something..  theres a part in the first timing level where u have blocks & this guy is distroying them constantly. Or u have to get down the spiky wall down & u accidently hit like the first spike, so u have to watch ur character waste 8 seconds of u falling down this wall...Ughhhhhhggrgrggr raging alot sorry.. I really do like this game
The game was pretty, engaging & overall pleasant experience. I really like the cheeky, yet simple storyline, & exploring is a bunch of fun. My experience:Personally I love exploring, & I seemed to rush ahead from the story so when I went exploring I would find items or places specified for a chapter, & get confused with the items & places alot. They had a weird balance between being able to interact with some future chapter items, while some not at all, which didn't help me. When the eye icon showed up & I clicked it, for particular things it wouldn't say anything which to me defeats the purpose of putting an eye icon. Needs fixing: I had trouble at chapter 19 because the head statue I was meant to use didn't spawn in the right spot.Recommendations:Chores are great, I was able to get all the gifts in the first 2 chapters. Make sure to read the clues carefully, & look around the rooms to find all the items & hints u can find. If u are really stuck hold an item up that u expect to use, & it will give u a indicator to show u where to place it. Use ur abilities wisely & u will do great.
I Love the voice over with the animation and style the game is presented in. The attitude of the game has moved towards a great strong new direction. Fair warning the game starts off slow, but the more you get playing the better. Especially when you start multiplayer mode. Basic good storyline, easy controls. -I might suggest adding a hand controller option though.The combat is natural, just don't leave your group behind, because you won't be able to handle it all on your own.I also enjoy the small touches like crafting and unique characters and enemies with there own individual skills.Overall I just want more, missions, enemies and maps.Thanks
