This is a great puzzler where, to use a cliché, the only limit is your imagination - within the boundaries of PG. I would recommend it to you if you've never played a Scribblenauts game before or if you just want a good puzzle game. There's a few hours of story in it, plus the added bonus of the sandbox mode, which is essentially integrated into the story. It's jam-packed full of recognizable references includingNyan Cat, Lord of the Rings, Super Mario, Indiana Jones and Half Life. It also has something called the Object Editor which allows you to create your own items to use in the game and even upload to the Steam Workshop. You can also download some great content put out by other users too. It's definitely targeted to a younger demographic but that doesn't mean older gamers won't get something out of it too.
Valve took a small idea which they trialled in the Orange Box and made it a million times better. And it was already awesome. This game combines a complex story packed with deep themes, in the form of a difficult, but equally enoyable puzzle game. Put simply, it's a piece of artwork. You will have hours of enjoyment playing through the main story and freaking-out over every single plot detail. Then, you'll tell your friends how awesome this game is, wait for them to complete the story and finally spend many more hours playing the well-designed and equally challenging co-op mode. Valve may not be able to count to 3 yet, but they can definitely put out one hell of a 2.
I had always been curious to try this series and I'm glad that I eventually did. I started off with its third instalment and that got me hooked. This game improves upon an already good formula with its superior graphics, campaign and detail. For those of you who are unfamiliar with the series, think Caribbean city-builder. One of the most appealing things about this game is just its all-round humour. While being a tad childish, you can still get a laugh out of some of the jokes - especially the stereotypes. The game's awesome latin soundtrack is also pretty good too. It's a very self-aware game and that's why I love it. If you've never played a game in the series before, this is where you should start.
Before I started playing TF2, I wasn't a big fan of the FPS genre. This game has changed my view of FPS games forever.
