I was very close to not recomending this game because as fun as it is, as much as I love it, almost nobody is playing it, and for a mostly multiplayer game thats certainly not a good thing. You also need better internet then what ever TF2 needs as lag spikes are more often for me then that game. The main reason I recomend it is because I want more people to play it.
Oh my god a MOBA I actually enjoy. Don't get me wrong its still difficult to win against human players and probably require just as much stratergy and team work as others, but games aren't pain stakingly long and also only uses 3 players per team, meaning you have less people yelling at you for playing bad. Not only that but I actually like the characters even if there are less. It can lead to some matches having the exact same teams because meta games but its better for new players as you dont have to worry about lots of different heros you can't even remeber the name of. This is not an overly complicated MOBA, but it still invokes the same level of stratergy and team work as others yet still giveing a fun experience rather then a stupidly serious competative one. Its closer to TCGs and pokemon with its competativeness rather then poker or chess level competition, and that i enjoy.
Never played the original but I got bored of this fast. Out of what I have played it seems like a weird sonic clone working off exploration insted of speed, which leaves me no idea where to go half the time and everything seeming pointless except finding the exit. Not only that, but there are these small little blue enemies which because you are running a little quickly you end up not seeing at all and running into for no real reason. If it werent for the fact I got this with a bundle full of much much more entertaing worms games I would be screaming for a refund as I had no fun with this game. If you like that kind of game, maybe check this out, but I got bored of the original sonic games and im extra bored with this. Now to clear it off my hard drive.
