Megadimension Neptunia VII (Victory 2) is honestly the best Neptunia game I have ever played or seen.The storyline in this game is awesome, and it introduces my favourite character in the series!Gameplay-wise, it is similar to the Re;birth games, but has plenty of new features and mechanics. plus upgraded graphics. It looks awesome honestly!Overall, I would class this in my top favourite games ever! Must get for fans of Neptunia, or even just this genre!
This game is fun! Alright, I read to unrecommended reviews and, they all talk about bugs, performance issues, being impossible to win, stuff like that. I have not seen any of these. I'm surprised at how bug free this has been for me, the performance is great but that may just be my really expensive gaming PC, and as far as winning, the people saying it's impossible are just really bad at it. I almost win every race. Which, is probably the biggest thing I don't like when it comes to racing games. I play FlatOut, there is no challenge at all and I'm pretty much garunteed to overlap the AI every race. This? Well, it is more of a challenge. I pretty much never overlap anyone. Which is good. The AI are actually decent at driving, unlike a lot of other stuff. And the weapons make it even more fun and challenging! Overall, this game is good. I would suggest getting it if you enjoy racing, shooting, and derbying all mashed together.
This game is really fun! A bit dissapointing that there's only two trucks and two states at the moment, but hopefully that'll get updated soon! A problem I did have to begin with is the fact that there's no speed signs. Is that how it is in America IRL? (I'm Australian, there's speed signs everywhere here) But once I got used to where the speed changed, it wasn't too bad.Aside from some minor glitches I've found (Like headlights shining through bridges) the game is brilliant. Feels odd, since it looks visually similar to ETS2, but I like the change of scenery. Now we need a Truck Simulator by SCS based in Australia/New Zealand. Road Trains, B-Doubles, European and American trucks, city, desert, country, etc. That would be cool! (Oceanic Truck Simulator since calling it ATS would get confusing with this game XD)
This has to be one of the best games ever. You can do ANYTHING! And if you can't, install ADD-ONS! Just be warnded, I have about 700 add-ons and my game is ultra unstable. Crashes all the time. But it's still a great game, 20/10.
I love this game, I play it ALL the time trying out new songs, trying to beat old records, using new skins and gamemodes, it's so addicting! Anyone who likes music and gaming should definetely check this out!
