 Be warned; I have not finished the main story of this game. This is my review after playing 21 hours of the game across multiplayer, free roam and the campaign. Light spoilers ahead. I never had any issues with the graphics or stuttering and this game ran fine for the most part, but despite that I still cannot reccomend this game. The story is boring to the point of being a chore with filler missions galore. When you think you-'ve gotten close to the end the game slaps you with another few missions and an entirely new antagonist. I couldn-'t even bring myself to continue. The hacking is a gimmick that is rarely put to use in interesting ways, instead you often just find yourself robbing people with rich bank accounts so you can buy another outfit or the next gun and the driving, which you will spend a lot of time doing, is mediocre at best. It-'s hard to care about the characters in this game when they come in two flavours, hackers and people you need to rescue from hackers. Dialogue is often cheesy to the point of being hilarious. -The IP is coming from that room!-All up, the one thing this game did well was the city. It was fun to explore and actually felt crowded, but otherwise this game falls very far short of it-'s competitors. As it is, I cannot reccomend this game.
total dogshitno anti-cheathackers everywhere if you must play one of these garbage survival games then just go play rust, at least the dĩcks there are decorative
Fable: The Lost Chapters with shiny new graphics. What's not to like? If you haven't played Fable, or you just want to go back and see it all again then this is probably the game you're looking for. ProsFaithful to the originalPolished new graphicsStill as laid back and tongue-in-cheek as everNew hard mode for people who want a challengeConsPC controls are somewhat iffy, controller reccomendedTargeting and target switching can be a painPlayer model looks awkward at times
Lacking in any real deep gameplay at the moment but it's a lot of fun if you can handle a fairly steep grind to get into any of the fun ships. Exploring is pretty decent, combat is fun. Trading is a snooze fest but something you'll probably have to do eventually if you want any of the larger ships in a reasonable amount of time.Got 190 hours as of this review. Had fun.
