Decent game. I would suggest even for those who aren-'t that keen to grab the game when it comes on sale ($3.75) as you can make your money back, just from selling items you get in game for free. This game is what is fuelling my game purchases from now on. Besides from that, it-'s a great FPS, but is more then just a FPS. It uses strategy, teamwork, and commitment, all of which have resulted in a (mostly) good community. It-'s also has custom features, so you can choose your weapon skins, and can buy -DLC- packs that support community modders.  And to finish it off, it-'s got continued dev support, so it will (hopefully) only get better.
What a fantastic hat simulator, withy so many to collect, including hats from all your favourite games. You can collect hats simply by killing and stealing other peoples hats, so it's quite easy. Did i say you can also kill people? yeah well thats in the game to but that only plays a small part in the game....
Brings an economic side to all those strategy games, although it does have combat. Overall it is a good game. Unlike other economic strategy games which are broad (-Build a Farm- - what sort of farm? Pig farm? Cow Farm? Ladybug farm?) it is much like stronghold, in the way that it is more specific for each category (E.G you can choose a weapon factory, furniture etc.) although that does come at a cost (just like in stronghold) as it limits the amount of categories there are. However this does not impact on the game. Suggestions? The AI is extremely easy, and you can almost never loose an election. Buy this when on sale. Plenty of fun.
Good game although it should have a level that is just like the loading screen so you can do it forever.....Oh and watch out for other riders trying to squash your head to take the championship
Wow what a great game. Bethesda have kept the standards quite high adding on so much more for fallout 3. Plenty of stuff to get ie guns perks traits armour ect. you will never be bored as there are plenty of quests and many paths that you can take. A must for all, although major amounts of time is needed for this game.
Best stradegy game i have played in a long time, especially for a ww2 one . I play it every time i go on steam and although i havn't completed the campaign (because some of the levels are VERY hard, and rely on you previous level) i still love the game....Can't wait till number 2 comes out !!!
