This game is OK but not worth the $1 to throw at it. Not know that this was an early access game I threw myself in to it hoping for a fresh game, one I haven't seen before. So I did what I usually do... Not look at anything on the game. Well now I wish I would and finding out that it was early access after I had played it makes it worse. I already have a dislike to early access as most games get forgotten and unfinished and I don't like the idea of paying for a game that hasn't even been finished and the devise thought they could get a couple of bucks out of it before they actually bother finish it. I know this isn't every early access game but a lot are like this. This game from the looks of it was either rushed, not cared about enough, or by inexperienced devise. Im sorry if it's the last option but you will need some helpful criticism. First of all I noticed the controls for the torch, these are horrible you can either not do anything and it will snap to the direction you are facing which leads to very disorientating gameplay ad there is no smooth animation for the snap lock and leaves the player felling more or less dizzy, or you can hold the left mouse button the whole time to control the torch which is annoying while trying to do platforming but is much easier then the snap control. This was very annoying through he whole game as you do have to use the torch as a weapon and making it a prime function without taking much care for smooth animation is not done well. While trying to find an option to maybe have it as a consonant on the mouse control I found myself exiting the level which made me instantly dislike this game. First of all there was no are you sure you want to exit the level, second no indication what so ever through the game did it say if you want to exit the level press ESC, this may not seem like that big of a deal and it wouldn't be in any other situation but in mine I was near the end of the level with all the collectibles and I had exited and was forced to play the level again but this time I ha dlost interest in collecting the letters. Another issue I have is that there are no options, none what so ever, except when you boot up the game it asks what graphics you would like windowed yes or no and resolution, for the very basic of settings these are there is no way to change them in game. One other thing that really bugged me about this game is the ♥♥♥♥ing narrator, jeez can you come up with some different lines, every single level has the narrator saying the same thing over and over again, it's like a broken record, and I'm not kidding at the start of every level there is the same cut scene of the narrator saying some bull and during every level he says the same thing, and at the end of every level there is another cut scene. Not to be discouraging the narrator has a nice voice but maybe get him a few more then 3 things to say. Now one thing that really bugged me about the game play was that every time you die you go all the way top the start of the level usually this would be OK, it gives consequence to the players death but it is so easy to die in this game from the odd camera angle and the (let' face it) cliché platforming with no real unique aspect means you have to start the level again and when this happens you loose all of your collectibles. This is the most frustrating part because even though the platforming is hard simply because of other issue and not the way it is designed, a big portion of the game comes froms getting the collectibles and after dying a few time to some random issue I quickly lost interest in getting the collectibles which unlock additional levels, which I could not bring my self to even collect the letter to play because I found myself wanting to stop playing this game instantly. Another aspect of the game I didn't enjoy was the enemy if you can even call them that, there are two enemy's, white slug things that slowly move towards you and little white sperm things that move quickly towards you, for a game with the subtitle 'A game to fight inner demons' I did not find myself fighting any inner demons the most I got was having a good laugh at the ridiculous design of an 'inner demon' and the variation of these inner demons (the small sperm things) do not come in till the 4th level which is the second last level in the game. Which brings me to my next point the length of this game is ridiculous it is less then an hour I'm sure if you went through all the levels getting the collectibles it be a bit longer but no more then 2 hours it is ridiculous, if you are going to make a game with this kind of game play and non existent story telling at least make it long enough so people get their moneys worth. Another aspect I found odd was music or the lack of, the first time I heard music was in the last stage of the game and there was no epicness to it like in dark souls where music would only play during boss battles but dark souls made the iteration of music mean something, it made the player feel like they were doing something epic not bloody doing mundane platforming.So if you are looking to buy this game I wouldn't bother the $1 price it is definitely not worth it in the sate that it is in now.
