Amazing game. Well thought out concept and story. Poorly Optimized for PC. Terrible Ending. 7/10 for me.
This game is based on one of the greatest non-serious movies I have ever seen and is also one of the greatest games I have ever played. Gameplay breaks down into two buttons; left mouse (or arrow) and right mouse (or arrow), even though it is so simplistic, the execution is perfect. All you are doing is killing Nazi's with your fists but it gets more complex as you play for example, the most common enemy is a Nazi wearing a gas mask, they die in one hit so they are easy to kill. Next up is a Nazi with blonde hair, they take two hits instead of one. After that you have Nazi women - and once they are in the mix, ♥♥♥♥ goes down - they take three hits to kill but, once you hit them they quickly teleport behind you meaning if you hit them from the right, they end up on your left ready to attack so, you must react quickly to hit them again by switching sides but, like I said before, they take three hits so, they will end up behind you again. After the women comes the Nazi Robots. They take four hits but, if you are not quick to destroy them, they will jump back and gang up with other enemies. There is no other strategy against them except to kill them as quickly as possible. The last enemy I have encountered is a Red Ninja and he is special because he is a robot and a woman combined meaning when you hit him, he will teleport behind you and on the second hit, he will jump back and gang up with other enemies.  The Red Ninja takes five hits and he kills me everytime I face him. In order to make this game more challenging, the developers added a health system for you, you have three hit points and no way to regenerate them (at least not from what I have seen). The entire point of this game is to get the highest score possible and it is a challenge to even get onto the leaderboard. If you like beat em ups with simple controls and want a challenge, buy this game now.
This game is honesly one of the best online games that I have played in a LONG time. The game does have a difficult learning curve but once you get through the first 10 - 15 levels with a friend, you will love it!
...
