Basic GameplayYou play as either a Counter-Terrorist or a Terrorist, both of which are deployed into a battlefield and each round are giving a small allowance to purchase weapons of their choice.You can make extra money by winning rounds or you could also hold a knife up to the enemy demanding their money, Although that would be risky since the enemy would likely just to shoot you.On the Terrorist team your goal is to plant and explosive near some uhhm.. important boxes?.Anyway, once plant wait You patiently for it to explode.As a Counter-terrorist you must eliminate all the Terrorist forces OR defuse the bomb, thus Protecting those ever important boxes from certain destruction.Being a honourable opponent, Terrorists are sure to set the bomb timer just long enough to give the Ct-'s the chance to Slaughter the remaining T-'s, and defuse the bomb.I-'ll list some positive/negative attributes of this game here.Positive attributes :- Matchmaking - Teaches children the harsh reality of gambling (although some never seem to learn even after $500 later)- Ranks  - Cool looking skins- Fast growing population of players  - Fat stacks of loot dropped somewhat often- Chickens- High replay value- Deathmatch game type (I could go into more detail on negative parts of it, but that would make this review too long and boring)Negative attributes :Although I Do love the single player campaign, it could use some work. I REALLY wish it were longer.. And that final Boss fight is pretty lame. It only lasts around 27 seconds, and during that time the only way to lose is by taking offense from the old man that constantly insults you, and how his -7 year old could beat you, blindfolded.-- The game mode -Infernal- played on the map -de_inferno-Some people like this game mode however I personally dislike it, For those of you that have not yet had the chance to experience it I-'ll explain for you.It seems like any normal de_ map However, The real goal is to scurry around finding any shred or scrap of rego, Normally it-'s hidden in obscurer unused sections of the map, and has the ability to shift/move around to different locations, Or even leave the game entirely for up to 10 minutes at a time.- Demolition, Also known as -jokemode- Added purely as a joke that volvo was supposed to only unlock on every April fool-'s day, However some hacker probably that -4_chan- guy, permanently unlocked it. (Volvo have been working on a fix ever since)Demolition is the game mode which automatically gives everyone amour and then requires you to get kills with weapons that do extremely poor damage against armoured opponents. Also no block is Enabled And Whoa?, So is team killing!The volka StrategyYou could just play this game like a noob and spend hundreds of dollars on skins, OR you could play the game correctly like me. Here is my strategy :-  Don-'t buy skins to start with, Seriously it-'s a waste of money.-  Play for a good 50 hrs or so and sell any drop you get.- Wait for a steam sale and Invest in as many copies of csgo you can.- Work your way up to about 5 copies or so But make sure you don-'t get too many otherwise you won-'t have enough time to harvest all your csgo account drops (having more than 7 accounts may have diminishing returns) [Note- it takes about 20 hrs gameplay to activate the drops].- Keep playing on all copies frequently to maximise drops.- Once you have your economy built up with this method you can now buy skins with all that free income you have. Remember to Never gamble with opening cases. I-'ve made about $100 with this method. I think it-'s about time to quit my day job.In a whole, I do love this game And would recommend to anyone, Good half, Good half.
Farcry 3 Is a rpg first-person shooter, with a hint of  -Cassowary Attack Simulator-You play as Jason Brody, And your objective ?To find your friends captured by the evil cassowary king -Hoyt Volker- (no relation to me)Basically you go around killing stuff and then skinning animals to make a better handbag, weapons purseand ammo sack.Since Hoyt Volker is the cassowary king he possess the power to control cassowaries. He uses them to attack you while you loot the enemies you just killed.. Goodluck and remember to play with your sound on, otherwise you will never know how close those ♥♥♥♥♥♥ off cassowaries are to flay you while you are feeling up some dead guy for 4 $ and a spent lighter.
