As a game I picked up for $4 during a sale that I've currently pulled 8 hours out of, I'd have to say that so far it's definitely worth it.  Combat is simple but fun and raiding in parties with friends or even just with other players is quality banter.  The grinding isn't too monotonous and the ability to choose crew/captain traits allows you to decide if you want to level up by trading, exploring or combat- or a mix of the three to keep things interesting.
-GODUS empowers you in the role of a god, allowing you to sculpt every inch of a beautiful world that you look down upon, on which a population of Followers settle and This may be so, but its about as far as anything in this game goes.  Pretty dull and boring, I wouldn-'t pay any more than a couple dollars for this in its current state and would not recommend buying it before final release.
While the game is somewhat fun, the novelty and humour grow old quite quickly.  Some of the achievements were quite fun- I was asked to sacrifice my goat to satin, I became goat queen and gained the ability to summon goat spawnlings, I found a tennis ball launcher and gas tanks and didn't hesitate to strap each of these items to my body for the apparent better good.. but it didn't take long for these things to get old..Overall, it isn't a bad $10, and it comes with workshop support so the modding potential and custom levels, as well as other tweaks and gamemodes are undoubtedly going to be amazing.. however at this time the overall replayability of the game isnt fantastic.
Gone Home is built upon quite an amazing, emersive and incredibly atmospherical environment.  Although it only took me the best of 63 minutes to finish, I would confidently say that those 63 minutes may rank among the greatest and most fun hour of gaming moments of my entire gaming life.  -Return from a holiday to find that no one is home-.  Gone Home-'s story plot may sound like the most simple of any game to be released yet, however upon digging deeper into the game you will realise that this is not the case.  Such a basic and simple idea may sound fit for more of a horror or murder mystery novel, but Gone Home is quite the opposite.  I felt on edge the whole way through, expecting a jumpscare or shadowy figure to be looming at the end of the hallway which I was entering, and each time this didn-'t happen I only felt more on edge.  The developers have gone to an incredible effort to create the most detailed and rememorable setting for a story telling game which I have ever seen.  This setting will no doubt stick with me for weeks to come, and I have the feeling I may even revisit the Gone Home universe, if nothing more than to try uncover more of the games fantastic little secrets.  Follow the protagonist, Katie, as she returns home from a trip around Europe to discover that no one is home, and help her find the secrets that lead up to an unexpected conclusion, uncovering many of the house-'s secrets along the way.I would highly recommend Gone Home to puzzle fanatics and story telling fans alike.  It was a fabulous experience and I would love to see and would eagerly buy a follow up game.9.5/10 for story depth, plot, environment and setting3/10 for value for moneyEasily a 8/10 for overall enjoyability, however I would not recommend paying more than the Steam Sale-'s $6.
Okay concept combined with cool dynamic maps, held together by a horrible PC port and rubbishy vehicle upgrade systems.. the game doesn't really hold any explanations of how to play, it has the absolute WORST feel of any game I have ever played (no decent background music, just the horrible tinny sound of your bike, which sounds like a nitrous buggy that has been burned out), and to top it all off the game is quite short.  Definitely would not recommend, even after buying during a sale for $4.
Is it better than V2?  Probably.Is it worth buying considering V2 was free a month or so ago?  Probably not.To save myself from repeating too much of what other reviews have said, I will simply say, too little content for too big of a price.Yes, the bullet cam is pretty, and the performance has undoubtedly increased since V2, although a maxed out game is very very taxing, often dropping below 60 frames on my 2x GTX680s in SLI..  But it seems as though Rebellion has tried to save the pretty mediocre story, the generic, -go shoot this person- style of gameplay and the HUGE lack of content (4 rifles, 4 subs and 3 pistols, no more than 9 levels and huge lack of multiplayer and cooperative stages) by simply tying the whole mess together with the recurring Xray bullet cam, overall giving us a game that is not fun to play given the frustrating problems (objects failling to render at distance, predetermined paths despite quite large maps).  Add this frustrating gameplay with the overall lack of content and you-'ll be left with very few hours of fun and most likely an unfinished story.Side notes--A $10 DLC came free if you preordered the game at a $10 discount- a nice $20 off, but still probably not worth buying.-Weapon and mission DLCs available VERY early on.. as much as I hate to admit it, even Call of Duty offers more value in their DLCs-A personal annoyance is the way the sound masking works.. if you attempt to cover the sound of your fire with, say, a malfunctioning generator, this can be done.. but if one is to fire at the most MARGINAL time after the actual sound of the generator stops, the enemies will automatically detect you, even though if this were to work in real life (even though a backfire is obviously quite different to the sound of a gunshot), would they not  fail to recognise the shot after the backfires have finished due to lack of recognition of it being a gunshot?  EI, if a gunshot can be hidden amongst a similar sound, why can the gunshot not be disguised at any time if they were to just think the gunshot is a backfire?
2/10 would not recommend. Trailer and pictures are quite deceptive, game performs horribly for what it is, it is loosely cooperative but mostly ramping PvP campers, the map is quite dull and unoriginal and the actual game is hardly even a survival game as the ♥♥♥♥ing nether things like to pop up behind and arserape you before you have the chance to leave spawn..
