Max Payne 3 is a great game. The game consists of a story mode, an arcade mode, and multiplayer mode. All three are fully functional and offer different gameplay experiences. The story mode is about 10-12 hours of gameplay, it has nice cutscenes to streamline the loadings and puts players in a variety of locales with stunning detailed visuals. The arcade mode allows players to play through each part of the story mode separately to gain maximum scores or minimum time. The scores are recorded on the server for comparison. I only played team deathmatch in multiplayer, it-'s no call of duty or battlefield,  but it has its own unique features which makes it really fun.  Problem I have with the game is on one occasion the game failed to load and I had to do an -End Task- in windows. The story is pretty boring and there are slightly too many cutscenes. All over I would give the game a 8/10.
This is such as good game. The game world is so huge, it would probably take 30 min to travel across the map BY PLANE! The game world is equivalent of a state or a small island nation, and it's a very well developed nation, so it has all the things you think you can find in a well developed nation. Big cities, towns and villages, factories, military bases, and more. The game has an engaging main story line and lots of side missions.
Black ops IMO is the best COD game since the original COD. It's great fun to play and Black Ops 2 is such an improvement over Black Ops 1, it's worth the money.
This game is a combination of city building, tactical combat, and economy simulation. Some people may think it's jack of all trades, but the end user experience is very involved and very fun and rewarding to play. You really get your money worth with this game. You can design your city layout, design supply chain and trade route, use all kind of cool tech like EMP bomb to conduct warfare. This game is simply the best. The problems with the game are the newbie learning curve is very steep and you need a decent computer if you want to play smoothly on the biggest map with lots of AI players.
