This DLC is well worth the money, the atmosphere is unlike anything I have ever seen, it is one of the rare games that really has that rare, incredible feeling of being immersed in another world, I was mesmorised the whole way through. I personally liked the story very much, although to tell you the truth the end as well as the final reward was a bit of a let down. Apart from that, the story was very good. It has a great unique idea of the bomb collars and that you must all work together, as well as great characters, one of them actually inspired me to write a story, and it also fills in a mystery of the base game and old world blues. All in all it is incredible and it's only fault would be the ending, final reward and bugs, though I did not actually encounter any. All in all it is well deserving of a 9/10 I would give it a 10 but it's ending is a bit of a drawback.
Though I am giving it a negative review I actually realy liked the game.The only reason that I am giving it a negative review is due to the length, I just cannot reccomend a game so short.I mean 2.2 hours for a $20 game!?However, this game is incredible and if you can get it cheap or in a bundle like I did then it is definitely worth buying.This game, if it can be considered a game at all, is very different to other games, there is one central story for which you find recorded diaries and you play them to unravel a story, there are also other stories along the way that can be unveiled through other methods. If, despite my reccomendation you still desire to play it then you will be consumed by a beautiful story that will captivate and move you.If you have money to burn or get this game cheap then I would highly reccomend it.I give gone home 9/10,but the price tag 0/10.
-Aw jeez... where-'s all this violence coming from? Is it the video games? I bet it-'s the video games.-I-'m just going to start off with overall ratings as I know some people don-'t like lengthy reviewsMajor aspects:Gameplay: 9/10 Very good for this style which has become so rare (a third person cover and shoot)Story line: 10/10 The best I have ever encountered, far better than even games such as the Telltale-'s “The Walking Dead” Immersion/atmosphere: 10/10 The atmosphere was incredible, this game is one of the rare games that you can truly lose yourself in.Graphics: 10/10 Despite the game being a few years old I have never seen a game with better graphics.Minor aspects:Realism: 8.5/10 Aside from the lack of friendly fire and the fact that you face hordes of enemies while surviving (though your health is relatively low), this game is rather realisticSmoothness (gameplay): 9/10 This game felt very nice to play and its only fault would be occasionally I would not duck for cover unless I pressed the button several times. Voice acting: 10/10 All the voices suit the characters very well and there is not a single voice actor that taints the immersion of the game.Player involvement (choices): 10/10 The choices were incredible, however I would have preferred it if there were a few more. Overall:I don-'t really base the score from the minor aspects so the score (from critic point of view) is:9.75/10Though, personally, I believe this is the greatest game I have ever played and would rate it:10/10General review:When I first decided to play this game I thought it was a typical trashy shooter. This was reinforced by the single player being referred to as the -campaign- and even more so when the game started off with a typical Gatling gun in a helicopter scene. However, a few minutes into the game I was proven wrong, this game has the greatest storyline I have ever seen, there aren-'t really any incredibly “tear jerking” moments as there are with games such as the walking dead, however the game still does an incredible job to connect with the player emotionally as well conveying the emotions and journey of the protagonist. Without trying to give too much away, the game also includes a variation of choices that effect the game and also lead to multiple diverse endings.The game play mainly consists of finding cover, coming up from cover and shooting enemies. Though the gameplay is repetitive the various amounts of guns, enemies terrain variations and other things, make the game continuously enjoyable. The animation of combat is very nice as well, the darting for cover and switching to different cover was a very nice animation that made the game feel extremely nice to play.The atmosphere in this game, contrasted with the outstanding graphics, creates a unique world for the player to experience. The atmosphere in this game is unlike any other shooter and truly makes you feel like a real soldier, rather than just an emotionless killing machine, this is reinforced by the two soldiers under you command that are polar opposites, I won-'t go into that though for it would spoil a large portion of the game. Overall I cannot recommend this game any more highly, it is easily the greatest game I have every played and the only real drawback would be the length. The game has everything that you could possibly ask and so much more. IT is incredibly unique and simply extraordinary, it is definitely worth buying and playing.
Well then, how to sum up dishonored. cnsidering it's the only thing I've done in my spare time except when I was forced off the computer to do other things like read books and be in the sun (which I swear is unhealthy) for the past 2 weeks and counting, I can say it's pretty good.You play as an assassin, former bodygaurd to the empress and framed for her murder you are tasked with bringing down the corrupt empire that was formed after the empress was killed which consits of the man who framed you and various allies and minions that he has at his disposal.You do this with the help of the loyalist conspiracy, a group tasked to putting the rightful heir (that being the empress' daughter) on the throne who was kidnapped at the time of the empress' death. You are also contacted by a religous figure known as the outsider who grants you special abilities such as magic and enhanced human ability (like being able to jump rather high).I very much enjoy this game because you can really change up the approach that you want to take, and as there are several different routes on every level it has a lot of replayability. I have finished the game once on playstation in which I went for  amoslty stealth aproach and twice on steam, on the first playthrough I went for clean hands and ghost and on the second I went for mostly flesh and steel. Another great thing about this game is that your choices, particulary the amount of people you kill, has an effect on the game. I won't mention too much because of spoilers but one of the effects is if you kill a great number of people there will be more weepers which are zombie like plague victims, as well as there being more rats.  In this game you will use stealth and magic, or if you choose you will go all out fighting without any regard for safety. You will kill everyone you meeet (apart from allies of course) or you will kill no one. How you play this game is entirely up to you and the amount of ways to play give it a lot of replayability. I can't reccomend this game enough, I must give it a 10/10 for being my favourite game, please don't look at any of my other reviews for guidance though because I mostly made them in 30 seconds. As this is my first serious review any feedback is very welcome.The only real cons to this game is that there is a brothel in the third mission, personally I tend to ignore these things though they are rather vile, however some people do not feel the same way so I am just putting that out there. Also to those who say that it is repetative you may find it that way slightly if you do not bother to find any runes or bone charms, especially runes which upgrade your magical powers and grant you new ones.
Ok, it's probably a good thing that you looked at the reviews because the trailer does not portray the game very well. I personally have been on the fence about buying this game for a very long time, the reason being it had  confusing trailer that did not say very much at all about the game and the reviews for both good and bad seemed pretty convincing.Sow for what you actually do: this game is unlike other zombie survival games or even zombie games in general, you play in a third person perspective and you can switch between multiple characters. In this game there is a lot to think about; there are missions which you must complete (if you leave them too long then you will fail them), which can gain you trust and reputation from by completing, or loose it by leaving important tasks to decay, reputation and trust can also be effected by random events and doing stupid things like trying to run over your friends with cars, once you have enough repututation you can play as other characters or request them to join you for missions. Now for more gameplay related elements, the combat system isn't entirely great but still fun, you generally bash up zombies with melee weapons (which will eventually break) or use guns (which require ammo) combat is a big part of this game, and luckily it isn't a one bit/scratch kill, for you, in combat, zombies are pretty much just like normal people trying to kill you (execpt with zombie-like methods like biting and scratching), you have a health bar that will decrease and can be restored by taking meds such as painkillers, or by switching to another character and letting the wounded character rest. You also have a stamina bar which will deplete by sprinting, jumping and attacking, your combat bar will automatically replenish when you are not doing any of these things but grows smaller the longer it has been since you rested. Another big element of this game is vehicles, or just cars, they are a very effective method or taking out zombies and distracting them but will be damaged by ramming into things (zombies included), to my knowledge cars don't run out of fuel but they won't last long enough to find out with all the wear they go through.Now then, the zonbies, there are several types of zombies in this game, starting with basic zombies, some can be outran while others cannot because as you run so will they, there are also juggernauts, who are basically fat zombies that are difficult to kill and can throw you around which can be very damaging, espcially with other zombies around (how my first character to die was ended actually, poor Marcus :( RIP) there are also ferals, which are probably the biggest single threat, they will run up to you on their hands (which are exztremly muscular) and pummel you while you are down, you must struggle to get back up and then shoot them before they can get you down again. There are also screamers, armless zombies that amit a high pitched squeeling noise, your character will stagger when they hear it and is vulnerable to attacks during this time. Screamers are no threat by themeselves though.One last thing you should know about this gme is that you cannot load saves, when a charater dies the stay dead, when you stuff up by blowing up an awesome sports car, it stay's blown up. This make the game, in my opinion, far more enjoyable as the stakes are always much higherFor my verdict I will give it 9.5/10It has brilliant voice acting, missions, combat and or course soulfullness, the scavenging, high stakes at all times, reputation and general feel of the game are an extreme delight and though I never buy games at full price paying $20 you would definitly get your moneys worth.Feel free to comment and critic on my review.
I blew up an oil refinery, I blew up a gas station, I blew up a giant statue of a midget president, I blew up a fuel depository, I blew up a water tank?I give terrorist simulator- uh, I mean just cause 2- 9/10
I played on single player and did so much better than the bots (most of the time) I thought this line from the game -I-'m thinking we can take on anything- I played co-op with a friend and 2 bots.He went a few meters further ahead then me, after fighting off endless hordes I had no fear.One zombie got me and immoblized me.The bots followed my friend.I went down but it sill attacked, I needed help. Still no help.I died, from one zombie on full health after fighting thousands.10/10Would die for again
This game is awesome. It is fun and very ammusing especially with the friendly fire. It is great to play with friends or random people. Probably my favourite game at the moment. I highly reccommend you get it especailly because it is 100% free.Rating:10/10Also if you want to someone to play with feel free to add me
I shot someone in the face and managed to getaway with it be yeilding my weapon.Then I stole a cup.I wasn't so lucky.......10/10Would steal a cup again
In war you will die like a dog for no good reason-Well I can say that all of my characters died and none of them for a good reason, I only survived 18 days. At first everything was so simple, the supplies in my house were fine and I can loot abandonded houses when the food was running low, but then things changed. The first time I commited evil was in an old house, I had pavle looting it and found it to be inhabited, the people saw me after I stole some of their things, they tried to make me leave, I saw this as a threat, so I killed an approaching man with a gun, after this a woman cowered in fear and begged for mercy, I killed her, she wanted to kill me right? I then realised what I had done, but I was so desperate for supplies I kept going. My character had breif depression after that.I thought I had it bad then. I was very low on supplies, a new girl asked to join my group of three and promised to pull her wait if we deided to take her in, I accepted her request. Immediently afterwards she bacame sick, I then had no medicine left. Then my character Marko went out scavenging, there were people there. They seemed to be nice but I couldn-'t find what I needed searching through the rubble. Bruno was desperate for bandages, Pavles depression had been lashed out on him even though he was trying to help. I thought it would be ok if I just saw was in the private property, it would be right? Wrong. I looked through it, there was no bandages, the man whose property it was then tried to kill me. And he did. Marko died.That loss was tolerable. I had Arica scavenging for supplies, I hit the jackpot, but as I tried to leave there was a barred door, I could have easly gone around it however I intended on returning here so I decided to break it open, as I did a raider hearrd. That was Arica-'s end.That really did it for Pavle, he had no chance left, he just kept breaking down even more, I had to have Bruno do all of the work. They were doing ok, then Bruno died. Suicide.Things were really bad then, every night when Bruno scavenged everthing I had would be stolen. Eventullay though tt didn-'t matter, I just took important things with me.Things were really looking up, I had nearly everything I needed, Bruno was well fed and had plenty of sleep, I thought I may actually be able to survive for quite a while still.There was just one problem. Depression.Bruno commited suicide.I survived 18 days. 10/10 Would have all my characters commit suicide or die for stupid reasons again.Really though. I got more depressed than they did.It was amazingly captivating and a completely incredible experience.
