the game that has made me, laugh and had fun through most of my time on steam. this game is one of the best games ever made, customanization of your classes funny, weird and awsome hats, same with the miscs, tons of weapons and many taunts.they game is one of the best games to play if you need to let off some steam ( haha steam joke ). finding weapons take a while but it doesnt matter from all the fun you have inbetween. 8 plus gamemodes, halloween events that will astonish you and amazing custom maps. one of the best custom gamemodes is saxton hale, instead of just saxton you have a few more, including the easter bunny. smalls knives to golden miniguns. humans to giant robots, samurais to clowns with guns. this game is one of the best made and funniest games i have played in a long time.  in halloween you can fight a giant flying eyeball that shoots smaller versions of it that explode. the headless horse man himself! an evil wizard called merasmus, he can spawn the king skeliton that will summon more smaller skelitons. want to make an item and put it on the workshop for an  update? sure, steam will look at all of the items made and choose what one will be good for the update, then it will be put into the game. this game also promotes other games, like left for dead? get it and you will get bills hat in tf2, like left for dead 2? you will get ellis's hat, this game is deffinitly worth playing, its you simply cannot fall inlove with this game on first sight, sure people dont like this game but thats their opinion, this is my opinion, so if you liked what i said, get the game, oh and its FREE! sure you can buy stuff with real money ingame but it doesnt force you to. this game deserves a 99/10. enjoy the game, play it as much as you like. enjoy
this is a pretty fun game from what i have played, fun, easy to understand and, its every poor gamer's dream, a free battlefield esc game, but sadly it has one major problem, even if you have a very VERY slight ping spike, it will kick you, not cool.
Ok, so lets get a few things straight, and excuse my spelling. Dungeon Defenders 2 has essentially become P2W in a way. it's also become pretty grindy, but it is still a fun game. Sure it has many flaws and bugs, but if you can ignore them, it's actually quite enjoyable, although the time it takes to buy the Abyss lord is horrible, withought buying Defender Medals ( if you can that is) and jsut farming Betty, it would take atleast 120 hours or more, just to get him. Still, I would reccomend trying it out, you might hate it, you might love it, but it is still fun.
this game was one of the best games iv ever played, i first started it on the ipad, now my comp, the game has many different types of units, buildings, enemys and comedy. its graphics are astounding and it really works hard on what it has to offer, you simply can turn this game down, the many units that can be used are awsome and hillarous, one of them is a fluffly little cat, owned by the heavy brute with the mini gun, he loves his cat, it does take a while to build or train units but i dont get bothered by that at all. the game has plenty to offer and is outstanding,i reccomend that you play this game right now, just go and get it! this is one of the best games i have ever played!
now let me say, this game is by no rights a great game, hell, even a good game, but its one of my favourites. sure GamersFirst have ruined the game, yes, but i still think it is pretty fun, this is essentially the poor persons saints row or gta, also, the community, from what i have seen, alot are ♥♥♥♥♥, a few arnt,
i would say to get this game, but all it does is crash when i just try to open the game, if you plan on getting it, wait till they fix this, cause its ruined rust for me
ok, this is a good game, for sure, sure overkill didnt stick to their promise's but each company needs money, they might not have been getitng enough money for the company or themselves, but i still think that this game is still worth buying, they are adding the weapons you originally had to buy with real money to drops and are kind of fixing this problem, still, buy this game, its still alot of fun.
How can i describe this master piece of a game, it works, its unique, and it doesnt have squeakers, atleast i dont think, the weapons are spot on, the battles? oh man are they glorious, one momant you and your team are swarming a building and the next you get your head taken clean off by a pistol, bloody glorious. This is one of those multi player games that isnt jsut about swarming or -Performing Sick 360-'s- its one about tactics and teamwork, one little mistake could cost you and your team the match, choose your weapons wisely, when the time comes to fire the first shot, make your shooting your foe, for no one is safe... espicially me and molitovs, woops,
imagine a world, like minecraft, but then the player thought, hey lets install ALOT OF MODS! then they did it and tada! its pretty much like that but better, this game is dayZ but in minecraft form and i think is kind of better, its amazingthats all iv got to say
a free game with mechs? awsome!HAWKEN is one of those games you find, mechs in it? cool! but when you start to play it you will be greated with the sight of pure, fantastic visuals and fred, fred is the name of your first mech, as soon as you start to play you will start to go through the ranks earning many valuable and weird items along the way, this game deserves to be not only on steam, but many other sites aswell. it may take some time to get into but when you do, you will love it, 6 multiplayer modes, 1 mode to explore maps, and 2 co-op modes, bot survival and co-op battles, the game has plenty to offer and will likely become a game nearly as popular as team fortress 2. this game deserves to be played, try it out you might just find yourself in a armour plaited, flak cannon and rocket launcher mech, you never know till you try.
