This game is a dissapointment to -Gravity bone- as it is short, Not very exciting. I saw other reviews and they said this had a -Story-, I-'m not sure about that but notice I-'ve only played one minute on this game.... Because that-'s how long it bloody took to finish it... Seal of Dissaproval [Insert Horse Emoticon here]
[Outline]Best zombie game ever, Slice zombies into slices, Low violence in Australia/ Barely any bodies, No blood on screenSo, What this is, Is basically get from Point A to Point B. Then load. Then B to C. This sounds monotone to you but if you play with friends it's going to be the best. Left 4 Dead 2 brings you a 4 player co-op, Zombie killing game. If you ever get bored with the game well, Their are mods on the workshop. This game does have a bit of story to it, The Crew start off at a hospital(No Mercy) and must GET DA THE CHOPPAH, HEIRGH. Well. It picks up from there and goes into the second campaign, One of my favourites was... Well I forgot, I just know it had a choppah and The Second Crew was there.Heh. 9/10 for me <3 Only didn't get a Ten because of the Point A to point B thingRemember Kids: GET DA CHOPPAH, HEIRGH
A great game, Worth more than it actually isThis game consists of -Game Modes-The Major gamesmodes that I am aware of are:-Trouble In Terrorist Town-DarkRP-PropHunt-MurderYou may have heard all of these game modes(Besides DarkRp) from YouTubers, SeaNanners for example can show you the very basics of these game modes. Although, You will need to buy Counter Strike: Source to have all of these games graphics. If you are patient enough you can wait for the Garry-'s Mod, Counter Strike: Source steam sale.This game is awesome, I have spent a tonne of time playing this game
Jesus this game's good, The whole game is around 30 minutes. I've finished it but I'm still playing it, Awesome Game
Wanna Make Hard choices? Cry  like a ♥♥♥♥♥ in the end? Kill people for no apparent reason? PLAY DIS GAME![Edit]You can't exactly kill people but the rest is true to it's very pixels.Lovely Game.
Amazing game, Fast paced and retroey. Must get :D
