I'm being serious right now. This is probably one of the most boring Diablo clones I've ever played. I couldn't bring myself to get very far. Do not recommend.
Unfortunately, the biggest flaw of this game is the one it touts in the opening paragraph; procedural dungeon delving. For those kiddies at home new to roguelikes, it means randomised within programmed constraints.Now, the enviornments look great (despite being skinned similar) when you-'re fighting your way through it, it feels cool. But the nature of procedural generation is that the clever placement of enemies is impossible in a game like this. I-'m going to resort to the -Dark Souls comparison- thing here, Dark Souls enemies are placed in a genius fashion; they make you take risks and assess your situation. This game just feels like someone had a big box of vikings, giant spiders and robots and went -WOOPS I dropped them all over my maze, eh, some adventurer will clean them up-. You-'ll never feel like the enemies are using the environment against you, you-'ll never look at a group of enemies and think of a way to get past them. The way to get past them is always the same; run at them and mash attack til they die (Optional: Heal afterwards, but you are invincible anyway (more on that below!))Even in a game like Destiny, you-'re forced to think about what enemy you-'re fighting, and adjust your tactic. But in Necropolis the tactic for every type of enemy is exactly the same; hit a bunch, dodge to the side, or special attack in groups. There is both not enough enemy types and very little change in how you fight them. Even when there-'s vikings, wizards, robots, and skeletons all at once, all you do is hit them til they fall down. The only time they ever change is by health amount (to pretty ridiculous levels of grindy health) and minor reskins. Oh yeah, enemies also never ever block or stop you from attacking, SO GO NUTS.It also bugs me to no end that one of the only things you use currency, which is gems, for in this game is to level up (AKA, get more health), but by level 6 (of 9) you are already max level. So what do you spend the rest of your gems on? You don-'t. You can buy crafting recipes or potions and that-'s it. You will very soon have 8,000 gems in one playthrough that you literally can-'t do anything with.For a game with -'difficult-' on the tags, I expected this to take more than 3 tries playing solo (in my second try, the game just never gave me an armour drop -'just cuz-', so I lost). You have infinite healing items because you can just craft meat to eat, I had somewhere around 50 pieces of meat I could use to craft more healing at the end of the game. And for a game with -'rogue-like-' in the title, I expected there to be more randomized RPG elements. There are four tiers of items; the higher the tier, the better the item, no exceptions. The fact that there-'s so many armour types, but only 4 actual armour classes wastes the potential of all the different sets they hand out. Why not a passive for each armour set? Why, because of the obvious reason; you wouldn-'t be able to figure out what the passive does without reading the wiki because of the -I-'m a smartass- goofy text that makes almost every item wholly confusing. I get it; the weapons and armour have been kept intentionally simple so you don-'t sit reading inventory screens for years, but the lack of item variety also effects my willingness to replay it again.The most insulting part about calling it a roguelike is that you are practically invincible! You get a resurrection potion. Yes. A potion where you can keep going when you died. Oh I-'m sorry, did I say A potion, I meant the ability to craft infinite resurrection potions. Which, again, would be less of a big deal if you didn-'t have infinite crafting ingredients on you at all times because every enemy spews out craft confetti so you-'ll never be short on anything but inventory space.I sound a bit salty, because I am. I was really looking forward to this, it had a lot of potential. Do I ever think I-'ll play it again? No, probably not, unless all my buddies end up with it in a humble or something. For $30, you-'re half way to the 40 hour long Dark Souls 3, not to mention all the other roguelikes that you can get for half that price, which offer a lot more content. Sorry guys; it was a good attempt but fell short of what it could-'ve been.
