I-'ve played terraria for nearly 300 Hours, Not that long I know, But this is one of the few games I see myself coming back to constantly, I remember when I first started playing Terraria, I didn-'t Multiplayer and this was a long time ago, I played a mixed class to fight enemies, Best armor I could get my hands on, A bow, best sword I could grab, and some magic, I had alot of fun, now I play it with my friends all the time, So far I-'ve played Melee/Tank, Mixed, Ranged, and now I am playing a Mage, I-'ve gotten to Hardmode on most of my worlds, I-'ve defeated the  MoonLord  4 times, I-'ve gotten to Hardmode on 2 Expert Worlds currently, One of them I did on Mediumcore, and yet I still keep coming back to Terraria, I love this game, It-'s the best game I have ever played. 10/10, Would play again,Although, I do wish that they would stop making that horrid -Starbound- game and release some updates for Terraria, :p Get this game, It-'s filled hours of content, I mean hell, I haven-'t even done everything yet and I-'ve played for almost 300 hours, Buy this game now!
It's fun, But you basically need a team/group/clan or some friends if you want to make alot of progress,The community is 90% KOS, but sometimes you meet nice players, Hackers aren't too bad, 3/10 players end up using scripts, Normally Firerate/Recoil scripts. It's definitely fun. If you have 20$ spare it's worth it to pick it up. If it's on sale buy it instantly.
I got my first ACE today at 11:00 PM, I promised my friend I would get him an ACE, and I did it, On the final round, with a Deagle only, Right before his PC powered down for the night at 12:00PM (Time zone difference, he's an hour ahead of me) And I was so happy. This game can be rage inducing at times, But it is so satisfying to win,    It can also be a gambling addiction, This game I used to think was bad, But It's actually pretty fun, You need to go for headshots though, It's alot different from COD and other shooters, 8.5/10
It's pretty garbage. Personally, I think it sucks ♥♥♥, waste of my money, I'd rather of bought DLC for ARMA 3 or something, EVERYONE KOS's which I don't mind, but the thing is they are so OverPowered, You constantly get jumped by groups of like 6 people who have the best gear in the game. You can't do anything to fight back against them. and so many people buy these Airdrop ticket things which lets them call in airdrops and get super OP gear. 1/10 (for having deadly zombies)
Complete ♥♥♥♥. It's fairly cheap which is good but there is almost NO loot to be found, there isn't really a proper survival feel to it it's basically just like an extended Mission it ends after a couple of hours, you either do Free for all or TDM, hackers are REALLY bad in it, They have some stupid thing where if you press Escape it logs you out of the server, Graphics are kind of ♥♥♥♥, all in all I give it a 3/10.
I have almost 500H on Payday 2, It isn't a game for everyone, It is pretty fun though, Now I mostly spend my time helping out newer players and achievement hunting, + they removed having to buy Drills to open cases. You can do a large variety of things in Payday 2. From walking into a bank with an AK-47 and shooting up the place and running out with money, to sneakily breaking into a Military Mercenarie group compound and sneakily stealing guns, Money, Bombs, servers, Paintings, Gold, and Drugs. to cooking meth in a run down crack house, hell you can even have a nightmare about cops raiding your safe house, you can even cook meth in your dream (Don't get bit by the spider though :P), personally I would reccomend waiting for Payday 2 to go on sale though, You can pick it up and all the DLC for like CDN 35$.Gameplay 8.4/10Variation 9.5/10DLC 5.0/10Fun 9.4/10All in all 7.8/10TL;DR It's a fun game, decent ammount of stuff to do, Grab it on sale for 50-75% off.
This game is complete ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥, I downloaded it in about 5 seconds, Spent about 30 minutes trying to setup my ♥♥♥♥ account for it, then after another ♥♥♥♥ing update to play it, I join a server, CORRECTION, I ATTEMPTED to join a server, then I get this lovely message -attempted Login...- -login successful- -in queue:estimated wait time:265 minutes- WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥? so I try changing from one of the 3 servers, I change from US to EU,  213 minutes? WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥, try joining PTS-US, INVALID CREDENTIALS??? WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME IS SO ♥♥♥♥ I GIVE IT -1000/10 LIKE WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ YOU STUPID ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥S, theres NO settings for the game, the music is ♥♥♥♥ and super ♥♥♥♥ing loud, I-'d rather masturbate with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ spiky glove then play it.
I don't know, It just, It sucks. Plain and simple, It is literally trash, Multiplayer and Singleplayer alike are both trash, The only time it's been decent is when you first get the game, The first like 3 hours, other than that it sucks.
