I thought this game was really just going to be one of those crappy, good for 5 minute games.Boy was I wrong.This game is an incredibly fun game with low-brow humour. With friends, this game is an absolute joy to play.
It's a really  knife  game. The graphics aren't exactly  cutting edge , but in this  case  it's all good, because the great gameplay is a  key  feature. 9/10
Wow! I've always wanted something to waste the free space on my hard drive!10/10 would not play again.
Tricked friend into looking at dong.10/10Pros:Highly customizableAccess almost anything from the gameSupport for the Oculus Rift (I think?)Cons:Almost everything must be unlockedMultiplayer is shoddyBuggyOptions that apparently don't do anything in some menus
I would like to say this IS actually a serious review.At first, I thought Team Fortress 2 was a fantastic game. It was a solid team based FPS with an interesting variety of classes and many weapons and items for all of said classes. It seemed great. After a while of playing it, I have realised how boring it is.My problem is that really to have fun, you need to have lots of these weapons to add variety (because otherwise it is repetitive). The only problem is that you have to earn these weapons or trade for them - and by the time you-'ve done all that (which is, again, repetitive and boring), you are tired of playing the game anyway because all you-'ve done is sit around and trade or do the exact same thing over and over.Then there are the people that you may encounter in the servers:Mic-spammers.High-pitched annoying people (raging or asking to trade mostly).Spawn Campers.Etc.(But that stuff is usually on all games with a mic or whatever)I would recommend this game if I felt that you didn-'t  have to earn the fun rather than just get into the game and have fun right away. Pros: Well-done team-based gameplay.9 classes to choose from.Plenty of weapons, cosmetics.Still updated and maintained.Great art style.Haven-'t seen a single hacker. Cons: Earning items is a repetitive and boring task. (You are usually automatically considered a noob when you have no cosmetics)As mentioned above - the mic-spammers, etc.Trading or buying items is basically essential if you do not want to be called a noob or terrible.Quite a bit of the community I have are not the most kind people to new, unexperienced players.People seem to enjoy exploiting bugs/glitches.Too many people rage.They are essentially turning the game into a free-to-play crappy version of CS:GO.More cosmetics to have to not be considered a noob with the Gun Mettle update.On top of all those, there is the annoying -don-'t kill me I am a X- or -don-'t kill me because I am doing X- Then there is the abundance of fake youtubers and try-hards who ruin everything for everyone.It was fun for a while, but now it seems like a chore to play.
Framerate halved when I looked at a barrel.10/10 would framerate again.
In short: This game is Killing Floor, but better.Pros:-Great Graphics-Well Done Combat-Fun Gory Gameplay-Plenty of Servers-Server Browser-Open and Well Designed MapsCons:-Matchmaking Sucks (I have only been put into a game with more than one other person once)-Limited Maps (More will be coming though)
