I can't give a full review due to not having a rig able to run it.But from what i've seen it's a third person shooter in the future i presume.I might give a full review of this game if i get a rig able to play itDoc Holiday signing out
pros:. decent characters. moderaly appealing weaponscons:. zombies move to fast and do too much damage. if you get surronded you are garunted to die. machine guns are usless against the horde. your guns reload too slow when trying to deal with the horde. friendly fire is a over all liabilty. armored zombies take too much damage. pistols for any class except the point man are peashooters. bland and boring levels. unessary use of invisble walls. if your at low health you might as well give up because you are way too slow too runover all a bland uninspried left for dead clone without all that made left for dead great. All though  some effort seems too be put into it, it just has too many major problems to make it worth recommending.2/10 though these problems can fixed with patchesDoc Holiday signing out
Pros:. good graphics. good looking enviroments. lots of characters. intresting playable characters. A lot of loot. lots of enemy verity. lots of weapon verity. a large amount of quest and dungeons to keep you occupied. very flashy special attacksCons:. grind enough and there becomes a point where u have so much money u don't know what to do with it all. you have to be at least level 70 to not get absolutly destroyed in PVP. each character has one or two specials that you will actually use and the rest just sit on the backburner. later boss duengeons take forever to beat while going back to them later is a cake walk. full character customization and premium gear is pricey. items without sockets are virtually useless compared to items with sockets. your chances of upgrading gear past level 3 is all left up to a small chance. free rewarded costumes have a certain time limit depending on qualityOver all a good game with minor issuses here and there, but none that make it a bad game, and is a game i recommend to fans of the fantasy hack and slash rpg grinathon kind of game. A solid 7/10, good with small issuesDoc Holidaysigning out
a game idealy to be played in privateDoc Holiday signing out
it's a very heart renching, sad, and emotional experinence. it really made me cry on the inside and made me think mabye just maybe i might have depression and not know it. maybe u randomly found this game while browsing like did or maybe u had this  game recomended to u bye a freind or maybe someone had u play this as a sortof lesson about depression, either way this game really gave a good realisation about depression and i think it will give u one too.Doc Holiday signing out
this is a great game for playing with your freinds and felo gamers and is the top free to play on steam grab a copy and join the actionDoc Holiday siging out
