Must own. ..... a 360 controller to play this must have game.
An almost Souls-like experience, Apotheon follows Nikandreos, lead by Hera as he slaughters everyone on Olympus one by one, and sometimes house by house, eventually usurping Zues himself. Refuge or god, none are safe from Nikandreos' primal rage as he fights to avenge a quite literally god-forsaken humanity.  A suprisingly varied experience as brilliant in aesthetic as it is in satisfaction from start to finish. I do reccomend playing on the harder difficulty on your first playthrough to get the most out of this game. The lower difficulty leaves you with far too many resources and breathing room. You are killing gods after all, prove yourself worthy to walk upon the Olympian summit. One thing to note about this game is that a lot of your learning is done in a heavily autodidactic fashion. Such little tidbits will follow. Semi spoiler alert relating to the specifics of combat. 1: Sweeping an enemies feet out will throw them into the air.2: Hitting them in the head with your swing will do more damage.3: When blocking, you need to aim your shield at the point of which the attack will impact with you. This is particularly needed in the final fight. 4: If you get into a fight with guards around the 'non-combat' areas, either run as far as you can and hide. (The top left of the screen shows you portraits of who you are in combat with, and will fade away if they lose you.) But if you choose to fight, make sure you don't let them blow their horns. They will summon more dudes to fight and can do this endlessly.5: Middle mouse while blocking to do a shield smack, knocking people back and putting their guard down. 6: Stackable weapons durabilities are individual to that weapon. For example, if you have a spear in your hand it's durability isn't shared with the other 4 hidden on your person. 7: When breaking open stuff, if you have the time switch to your fist not to waste durability on weapons. That's all that comes to mind right now just after finishing the game. I would love to see a similar style game but for Norse mythology instead of Greek. It would be brilliant. Absolutely reccomend this game for fans of souls games type combat.
I don't have the time to write a full review, but I just wanted to say that this game, by far, has the worst car driving system in any game I've played. I have played all 3 games now, I don't remember the previous ones being quite this ♥♥♥♥ing awful. They boast the game by showing all these cool mods and ♥♥♥♥ you can get for cars, but the cars feel like ♥♥♥♥ing shopping trolleys, you can put as many guns and speed boosts on a trolley as you want, but it's still a SHOPPING TROLLEY.I legimimately don't have any idea who at Avalanche would've used the land vehicles in this game and thought 'this is worth selling to people.' I was so ♥♥♥♥ing hyped when i saw they revamped it in the gameplay trailer, but vehicles are MORE fragile and, like i said earlier, the worst handling pieces of ♥♥♥♥ I have ever used in any video game. Nothing even comes close to being this unpolished and pathetic. Hell, this wouldn't even be a problem if you didn't need to do the god awful side challenges involving them. The races aren't hard because of strict timing or tough obstacle courses, they are hard because you're driving a ♥♥♥♥ing ice cube.
One of the most promising up and coming shooters, unfortunately right now utterly littered with bugs and the people who exploit them.
Kyu best toaster
One of the scariest games I've ever played. Not for the faint of heart. I rate this game S+L/10.
