To complete the trilogy of reviews that I have made for the game, once again, Edmund and co. have crafted a wonderful DLC that has made an already great, wonderful game, even more great and wonderful with new mechanics, items and combinations (if you're lucky enough to get the item combo!) Anyway, why should I be writing this review when I can be playing Afterbirth? More importantly, why are you reading this review, and not playing Afterbirth?EDIT: So, after reading some other reviews, I found out about the overabundance of bugs and amount of patches the game has been through. Having bought this DLC relatively late, I cannot attest to these bugs and thus my review is based on my personal experience, or lack thereof.
I don-'t usually review games, even ones I like, but I am reviewing Rebirth for 2 reasons: I wrote a review for the original game, and I enjoy this game beyond any other at the moment. So let-'s get down to it;Rebirth feels like a perfected version of the first game, the graphics are darker, giving it the sinister effect it needs, and the control feels much smoother which is saying something since the original had a really good control scheme anyway. More or less it-'s the same game + WoL which is kinda underwhelming but makes up for it with the new mechanics, enemies and characters, which I actually have quite a bit to say about. First off, Azazel is great; but they should balance him in such a way that he can only pick up black hearts and receive black hearts from HP ups.This makes his unlocks (Daemon Tail and Abaddon) more meaningful towards the character.Eden was a nice concept, but I felt it was kinda gimmicky, and honestly don-'t find myself wanting to play. Lazarus is the same, they should give him a bit more of a defining factor to seperate him from Isaac with an extra life. For suggestions, maybe more synergies or items(I know there are many already though) and maybe an -Angel- Character to sort of balance Azazel-'s prescence. Overall fun game, best I-'ve seen in a while in fact, and tons of replayability. On one side note however, I AM A GOLDEN GOD. Peace out and thanks for reading this garbled mess. Have a nice day!
Great game reminiscent of the first Legend of Zelda game. While it's already a huge game on it's own, the Wrath of the Lamb DLC is well worth it as the amount of things it adds is just mindblowing.It also has a great replay value as you're always striving to get further, and just as you think you've completed everything this game has to offer, you discover there's always a little bit more to it, and if not, still feels nice to play. With great gameplay, multiple characters to choose from and so many items, this game makes for a great experience and is well worth buying.
