Launch your PC in one room; play your entire Steam library in another on your big screen or projector with minimal fuss... I use mine over wireless ac and get the same performance as being physically connected. The controller is a new and wonderful exprience but awesome to know that can I either plug in a different controller or go back to KB and mouse.This is most definately the answer for the PC elite who would like to engage in some couch surfing without having to shell out for a console that they would otherwise have to purchase games for in addition to their existing Steam library.
A co-op game where team work is paramount, you can go in loud and spray all the ammo available to you or you can be the tactician and go in quiet.From personal experience Overkill Software/Starbreeze offer great support and really listen when it comes to addressing bugs, glitches, and cheaters.The stock standard game on its own is absolutely excellent and will have you hooked once you level up a few times.Overkill regularly offer free and paid DLC to further expand to game, I'm not a fan of DLC in general but this content isn't part of the game they left out but rather a genuine expansion to the options in game.
Very funny game and highly recommended for South Park fans just don't buy the 'Low Violence' version.If you're in the following countries:GermanyAustriaAustraliaSingaporeHong Kong & TaiwanYour game will be censored.If this is the case I recommend importing the game from the USA or if you're happy with a fix refer to the following link to get around the censored content;http://steamcommunity.com/app/213670/discussions/0/558749824588892365/
PSA: DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! BUY HAWX 1 AND LEAVE IT THERE!
The shortest, most addictive game you can own.
Excellent for reliving a remastered classic, perfect for picking up a controller.
The delevoper Jagex has since really started tweeking the game in all the wrong places, not what it used to be! Still fun but not as good as the day it was released - they're trying to over complicate a simple concept. No LAN support and they control all the servers. This advice stands even if the game is on sale.
The game appears to have combined the combative racing nature of Blur crossed with some of stylings and carnage from Flatout 2.The graphics are certainly pleasing but can't help think that something is missing.Not sure the game is worth the $25 price tag (got mine during steam sales) or the 11GB install for that matter, but I did find myself enjoying the game and hope it picks up.Perfect for multiplayer sessions where you can sledge your mates.
Probably the most fun I've had playing the tower defence genre. Honestly worth the asking price IMO and is an absolute steal if you find discount for 25% or greater.
