You want friends to play with and kill other people with guns? Nope. You want to be naked and kill someone with a rock? Nope. Build something while naked and with friends to kill people with rocks? Nope.Any survival game you see this days is about Zombies, A post-apocalyptic world, MP or All of them combined. The Long Dark is quite a different.You're going to be surviving by yourself. You will die horribly or just stupidly. You can survive for a week and just die embarassingly from freezing because of a blizzard. You can get eaten by wolves. or just starve to death in a matter of I don't know. A few hours? This is what a survival game is. It has a lot of potential. I can go on and on about what they should add. But i'm pretty sure most people have that covered. Love it! <3
Been playing this for 3 years now and I can easily say this is one of the best FPS there is ,also in the plus side you don't need too buy more new games every year or so for the same thing ,but i'm a big fan of Battlefield franchise and COD when it was still called Call Of Duty Modern Warfare. Today I will usually just buy it too play the zombie/alien maps on console :).
Skip this if you guys want:You crash in a distant planet alone, scared and powerless. It seems hopeless, but you find your weapons intact and functional. You search the skies for a chance to see another life pod. A chance for someone to be with you, A chance to survive, but you only see storage units falling you say-' -Must of been from the ship-. Alas, hopelessness grips you again. You shout of sorrow, not because of not seeing another life pod from the ship, but because knowing your the only one that survived and with what you have seen, the ship must of been destroyed. You place your weapon on your head knowing there is no chance of survival and prepared to shoot, but wait?!?!? You see the ship landing 10 miles away. With new found hope you ready your weapons and journey through this God forsaken planet. You start with the Commando. A very agile and powerful character if matched with the right items. With him you-'ll learn how to kite, how to dodge and how every damage to an enemy counts. Gameplay is smooth and fun. Controls are quite simple. It-'s an addictive game and has great replay value.The music is fantastic. It has achivements that you need to unlock for new items or characters (Yes I-'m looking at you achievement hunters). You can choose from 10 different characters (If you unlock them all that is) and not every run is the same. But a few achievements based items are impossible to get and multiplayer is buggy. Most new player will completely lost on what to do and die in the 10 min mark. I wouldn-'t recommend this too everyone, but If you love platform and shoot em-' up games. I can easily recommend this to you.  I-'d this give game 8.5/10. Fantastic game, but you need some skill and knowledge on this game for you to really have a great time.
This ♥♥♥♥er lives up to it's name of being the unforgiving son of a ♥♥♥♥♥ and it has the nerve to give you the option to rev up the difficulty to the point that hell seems like a kid's playground. But it's rich gameplay will make you want to play more and more even though you get your ♥♥♥ handed to you multiple times. If your an avid fan of Xcom, strategy games, turn-base gameplay, or even gambling, without caring about technical issues, then you've just found the game you'll play all year round. (If you also like dress up, then this also the game for you) An amazing game that is sadly plagued by bugs, glitches, and graphical issues. You have been warned.
