this game made me gay -2/10
spend your money elsewhere. this title, similar to the arma series in terms of ѕhittiness and just generally being gay, is inferior to call of duty in every way - to the point that valve has refused to host its ѕhitty sequels (Battlefield 3, Battlefield 4, and Battlefield Hardon) on the steam storefront in favour of the top titles such as Ghosts, Advanced Warfare, and Black Ops 3. recommendation is to avoid purchasing this and purchase any Call of Duty title that is currently in your price range.
umm i dont own this why are they letting me review
this game simulates homoerotic -warplay- between factions of strikingly phallic so-called -worms- (but it-'s actually quite obvious they-'re pen-ises)personally, i find this title to be one of the filthiest examples of subtle homosexual intrusion into our children-'s bedroomsas a sane, god-fearing man of the cross, i am unable to endorse this title as i do not hold sexually deviant inclinations. however, certain types may find this title to be their cup of tea. if you-'re one such perverted queer, please remove me from your friends list at your earliest conveniencethanksrichard dickers AU
this game probably gave me the worst type of aidsfor starters, this game is not mlg™. theres not even any multiplaer. the grafic are so fkn bad i wanted to vomit all over my new alienware™ system & keyboard, these grafic must have been from like 1982 or some ♥♥♥♥. finally this games got one of the dumbest most anally straining premises and plotline. i couldnt complet the 1st level this games so bad. honestly thsi trashbag of a title really needs to take a hint from the latest call of dfuty games and/or the latest xBox ONE™ titles. -69.9/10
scientology and science fiction combine to bring you the elder scrolls v skyrim . 2001's game of the yar has players unlocking the elders to the scrolls of ovlibion 1/10 ws poor atempt try agian bethedsa™ jewish softworks
really ѕhitty game with very bad graphics. also they ripped the idea from the new black ops 3 which has better graphics and theres actually guns in it.
very poor accommodations for the lgbtq+ community. no same-sex marriages allowed and only playable genders are cismale and cisfemale
Air Control by Killjoy Games is probably the most realistic aircraft-simulation software available to date. A game designed to excel in all areas with one goal: making the player feel at the centre of the action and in control. From the original graphics to the enthralling gameplay - this game is definitely a contender for this year’s GOTY.The verdict: 11/10™[420]xXBadBoyHustlerXx[666-69]™'s Official GOTY Pick of the Year™
aeiou 2.0
