This game is pretty okay. I played this game originally on the 3DS and when this game is going to be released on Steam, I was confused, but mostly excited. I played this game for countless of hours not due to the RPG or the battle mechanics, but rather the Visual Novel-esc gameplay with the Female characters. Learning about their backstory, struggles and quirks, it is a pretty interesting ride. However, the battle mechanics is what caused the game to be okay. The battle system does drag as it is repetitive and gets stale fast. It is interesting in concept such as the position of the characters and chaining but battles can be easily be won by using the auto command. I know this is a dungeon crawler type game but the aesthetics of the labyrinth looks unappealing and not that interesting. And yet, I still continue on playing. Because of wanting to know more of the characters and learn how they progress, I continue to slog through the labyrinth just to see what happens next with the characters. I know at points the characters have the personality of your typical anime but I am a sucker for romance and Conception II is no exception.Now to talk about the port. The port is pretty good. 60 fps, better visual graphics and the ability to change the voice between Japanese and English is a nice addition. Also all the DLCs, from what I read, will all be in the Steam edition pre-packed which is nice. Overall the port clearly have some effort put in and not just dump it from the 3DS or Vita version. Overall, I would say Conception II: Children of the Seven Stars is an okay game. If you were to treat this game more of a Visual Novel such as I did, you will have a much better time though be mindful of the repetitive battle system.
When I first bought the Sydney Character Pack, I thought the Anarchist Perk Deck is terrible. Slow regen rate, Easily downed by a sniper and low health while wearing the ICTV. First Impression of the perk deck is pretty meh. However, with the suit build up and the introduction of the skill revamp, it become my main perk deck. With the amount of armor, especially with the skill to increase regen by headshotting and overall armor, this perk deck is incredibly fun to use. Being in constant firefight with no worries to go out of the heat for your armor to regen is the best. It could manage to create your suit into a base ICTV while also having fast movement speed.The Bootleg Assault Refile is not the best assault refile but it is still fun to use. Having amount of ammo in your megazine and spraying it everywhere is neat. Butterfly knife is not a really good melee weapon due to poor stats in favour for butterfly knife tricks animation, Though i still bring it to loud heist because it is interesting to look at the knife animation while waiting for the drill to finish.Lastly, the bulk of the character pack is Sydney herself, Yes she can be annoying at times. The amount of -Sit on a ♥♥♥♥ [Insert Enemy Special Here]- can be repetitive at times while also abit screechy. But I still love it anyway. The tattoos on the arms with fingerless leather gloves is pretty to look at. She been my main since the release of the DLC.On the whole, while this DLC is not the most essential DLC in Payday 2 but it is incredibly worth it just for the perk deck alone.
