Wanna be a ninja? Wanna shoot wierd mutated humans with a bunch of different weapons? Wanna slice up some people with boxes as heads? Wanna do parkour while doing the last things i said? Wanna be tempted to spend your money to get a warframe because the starting ones weren't cool enough? Wanna get a doggy? Wanna fly in space while shooting space ships? Wanna get a robot to fly around you? Wanna kill a bunch of stupid bosses that all look stupid and ugly and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥? Don't care how everything in the game either looks wierd of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥?Well Dis is dah game for you!I r8    8/8 space ninjas gr8 m8
This game is already pretty good, but to make it EVEN BETTER, YOU SHOULD PLAY THE GAME, or you suck ░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░█░░░░███████▄▄█░░░░░███▄▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░█ ▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░█ ▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░█
Goats, microwaves, flappy goat, Deadmau5, Michael Bay turdles, burgers, skateboards, sugar, wierd music, bread, rollercoasters, cars, things that go boom, goats, ufos, pools, bikes, goats, cars, giant boulder, toaster, table, WATERMELONS, antigravity place, boxes, goats, not a goat, trophies, PARKOUR!!!!!, Slow mo, Baa, MAGIC, hats, money, the machines in casinoes, toys, chips, boats, water, coffee, the developers.Thats only a few things from what you can find in the two mapsAnd dont get me started on the dlcYes theres GoatmmoAnd theres GoatZ8 goats out of 8 goats would goat again
Best hat simulator i've played since 1828
Scribblenauts Unlimited, a game with nice happy graphics, music and a whole lot of things that you can make like:a boya Mana cara applea piga aa potatoa nukea explosiona scribblenauta nyan cata halfing which is pretty much a hobbita wizarda female wizarda stink gorillaa really fast cara tentaquila wheela sticka long cata bunch of other memes with catsa lol wuta edwina really big and fat penguina recreation of your friend that shoots picklesa bunch of fnaf ♥♥♥♥ from the workshopa bunch of youtube fan creations from the workshopa workshopa ♥♥♥♥a fana naked mana rocket cara hoverboarda book that can make a bunch of random things that will end up in chaosa deatha bunch of different sized cars by using different adjectivesa booka dragona shaggotha aliena dog with tyres as legsa familya band (not the musical type band)a bunch of different type of treesa dinosaura robosaura mecha mechaa kfc mechaa colossal super epic purple shiny fire-breathing rocket winged ridable headless scribblenautical future smart dancing chickena starite that doesn't work like the real onesa bunch of people who look like maxwella knifea assassin that looks similar to someone in assassin's creeda heada bodya arma foota buttona avatar that you can play asa and so much moreAs well as that, there are many different places like a space ship to a farm. And you can get starite shards by spending 10 hours creating random things until you get an object that gives you a starite shard, which is a 1/10 of a starite. As well as that, there are starite quest that get you 1 whole of a starite. In these places you will also most likely find someone who looks a lot like Maxwell. and if you help them do some stupid thing, you can play as them.After you get 60 starites, you get to see the end, and then you can clone edgar (who is maxwells dad) and get a bunch of edgars, and then steal his magical walking stick thing that turns things into stone and turn the edgars into stone.And if you still want more from this game, you can get all the starites! including getting starite shards by doing things like wearing a banana costume and holding maracas.And if you got all the starites, you can go around making anything you want, and put stuff on the steam workshop and get followers on steam and make yourself happy.ok r8ing timegr8 game m8 i r8 8/8 m8 - ign8
Played the game by the family share thingy.Downloaded a bunch of addons.Killed pokemons with dubstep gun.Had lots of boring fun.Played the game after my bedtime.Watched youtube people play the game.Played on servers.took 99999999999999999999hrs downloading the addons for serverhad some fun but really laggy.Thinked about buying the game.Waited for sales.Thiked about buying the game before sales.Gr8 gameI r810.31240291203818/10.8 would w8 for game to go on sale, download a bunch of addons, wait for addons on server to download, crash the game by spawning in crabs and be a 12 yr old idiot. (great game btw cuz people dont realise all the grammar mistakes i made.)    (great game cuz noone realises wat game im actually talikng about)
