Has potential. It really does.But it's buggy, the controls are floaty and sometimes don't even respond, and stealth just does not work at all.The music is great, the story is interesting, and the graphics are perfectly fine.But it's the little things, like spelling and grammar errors that make this game look awfully amateurish.This is a game that needs a little bit of an overhaul.
Like GTAIV, only with a much better melee-focused combat system, a better looking city, a better storyline, better missions, and better sidequests.Look, it's GTA: Hong Kong, and it's better than the bland world of GTAIV.But it's a lot smaller and shorter.24 hours of gameplay for 100% completion without DLC.That being said, it's 24 fun as absolute ♥♥♥♥ hours.
This demo is 15 minutes long.
Kill your mother while declaring war on France while marrying off your 7yr old daughter to a 80yr old Norwegian King just to lay claim on an island no-one cares about while throwing your son in prison just because I'M THE KING DAMMIT NOW SCREW YOU CHURCH I'M RAISING YOUR TAXES. DON'T LIKE IT? O SNAP LOOK AT THAT, I JUST SENT 40 THOUSAND TROOPS INTO YOUR HOUSE AND NOW I'M SETTING EVERYTHING ON FIRE BECAUSE I'M THE GOD DAMNED KING!Also, Holy Wars.
Everything the original was and more.The perfect blend of turn based tactics, and exploding alien faces.
Get your heart racing with this survival fps.Zombies ♥♥♥♥ing everywhere!Great fun.
Delightfully stylish game, never has one man used time travel just to eat pie.
Ridiculous roguelike, attack scarecrows and bats that taunt you about how bad you are at this game with weapons like softballs, crossbows, axes, and high explosives.Pop culture referneces up the butt. No time for love Doctor Jones.Way too much loot and crafting ♥♥♥♥ to care about, found myself ignoring most items.Still, it's like a dollar.. so it's worth every dollar.Fun game, give it a go.
The classic turn based strategy game that won my heart as a young pup. Defend the Earth from an alien threat in an unforgiving game that will push your tactical skills to their limits.
