Gaben is love, Gaben is lifeAs a child i always lived PC games, i used to beg my Dad to buy me games, i would pray to LORD GABEN at night, hoping that he would grant me sales.Gaben would always give me sales usually 75% off. I had all the Valve games and would constantly trade and open cases. Keys were expensive.My Father could hear me praying to gaben, he came in and smashed my computer against the wall, i was crying over the smashed up parts crunched up on the floor. I started on cry over the loss of my Gaming pc. I knew my Dad was jealous for my devoting to Gaben. I start to fall asleep. I feel a strange presence enter my room. I quickly woke up to find Gaben. standing next to my Bed. -its gaben- i loudly though to myself-. I am so happy to see him. Gaben then uses his powers to lift up my broken pc and repair it with his mind. I am so thankful that he did such a kind thing. Gaben then proceeds to walk up to me. He then whispers in my ear,- this is my hat-, i threw my Ghastly gibus at him, he rejects it and bends me over the bed, he enters my his fat fingers into my pants. but went for my pocket instead and takes out my wallet, he uses his magic to grant me 95% sales on all the games on my wishlist. Then penetrates my wallet and takes $10 out it is expensive but i do it for gaben. it is uncomfortable. He then proceeds to take out a $50 note, in the irritation i scream out -Fluttershy is best pony, not pinkie-. Gaben is furious now and throws me against the wall, which reveals a secret wall safe. He walks over to the safe and takes out all my money, then begins to penetrate my tight butt hole, it hurts but i do it for Gaben. The noise attracts my dad to the room. My dad enters the room and finds me bent over in the corner in tears of joy and pain, while he sees gaben thrusting my hard. Gaben turns to my dad and looks him dead in the eye and flies out the window and says his last words -'Gaben is love, Gaben is life-', followed by, -you will never resist my sales-. i am now nearly unconscious in satisfaction as drool flows out of my mouth and i am still curled up in a bent over position.
Great game for Competitive players, Hard on new players trying to get into competitive, gets really fun when you get into it.
Very good game, could be played on most PCs and is a good game to play with friendsRating 8.5/10
