This game, is some of the most fun I've had with friends gaming. Default things are still really fun! But ADDONS! That's a whole new level! Addons bring happiness, fun and raging moments! But I rate this game 10/10!
Awesomenauts. Nobody plays this game. Which kinda sucks. This game used to be really fun. It's not really one of those competitive MOBA's like LoL, Dota or Smite. It's more a fun MOBA. But you will never find anyone to play with. If you like playing by yourself, go ahead. :P  Now I don't recommend, get's boring as well.
This game, Idk if the game is good or not. Maybe it is! Maybe it's not. But I can't get the game to WORK. Stupid freaking Ubisoft and their Uplay crap! I'm not the only one getting this error. Something's wrong with your internet, blah, blah, blah. I'm done. Never buying another Ubisoft game ever again. Steam did it right, let me launch through Steam! Not through Uplay! Well, luckily this game was only $9, because of the sale. Guys this is a warning. DO. NOT. BUY. UBISOFT. GAMES!
Bully, it's an amazing game! Rockstar did an amazing job on this game! This is GTA but in school! Very nice port on PC! Game is fun. Get's boring once you finish it. Btw I finished it on PS2! -UltraBrightGaming
APB Reloaded, pretty fun MMO. I enjoyed the time I played it. I recently stopped playing it. Idk why. It got really boring after a while. Pretty much this is a Grand Theft Auto MMO. Which I was excited about! Grinding for money also got boring. The game was really p2w. All the good weapons you had to pay money for. I recommend this game to GTA and sandbox type game fans. Just try it out, you might get bored, you might keep playing it!
This, is an amazing game! I haven't played too much on PC. But I've finished it on PS3. I really love the artwork, gameplay, plot, humour, EVERYTHING! It's so addictive! I recommend this game for RPG fans. Also get a few friends to buy it. It'll make it a lot more fun! Get it now!
Grand Theft Auto 4 is, pretty good in my opinion. The main game GTA 4 has a nice story, of Niko getting invited to America from his cousin Roman. From violence, to strip clubs. This game is action-packed with the missions it brings. GTA 4 is not even close as good as GTA SA. That blew away my mind. But one thing I have to say... I enjoyed all of this beautiful moments on the XBOX 360. I couldn't play GTA 4 on PC! It was fine at first, but then the roads, cars, building, starting to become ivis. GTA EFLC is actually really good on PC. Awesome FPS, no glitches at all! Do I recommend picking up the complete edition on PC? No, if you do wanna play GTA on PC pick up San Andreas, Vice City or EFLC, just NOT GTA 4. GET IT ON CONSOLES!
