Garry's Mod has gotta be one of the best of it's kind out there. No seriously I have never found a gay porn scene creator with such indpeth options such as connecting objects to the characters, particle emitters, limb resizing heck you can even make things rock hard and along with fleshed out ragdoll mechanics makes this one of the best tools in its' proffesion and only for the cheap price of 10 bucks. Even if gay porn scenes arn't your thing you can still make straight scenes. If you happen to write fanfic and want a good tittle cover this tool has got you covered.
Welcome to profit simulator 20XX. The jist of this game is to buy stuff as cheap as possible, sell that stuff as expansive as possible then rinse and repeat. I don-'t always play this simulator as the gameplay gets quite repetitve and it-'s hard to get items that are on fire -cause fire n warm glowy stuff- - Trading cornmunity on a regular basis. Other than these flaws the gameplay is fine. You have 9 classes, Scout he has +50% profit and +75% chance of ruining your day and sadly you can only play him in 4 colors black, white, pink and green he isn-'t a very good stealth class because his vibrant colors standout on the maps making me think they didn-'t think it through when choosing his color scheme.Soldier he has +40% profit -15% speed and +60% dressing apeal. He too falls to the same flaws as the scout having only 2 color choices pink and green. Despite his -15% speed he can sacrifice a chunk of his health to do a super jump, although they say you use the rocket launcher to do this you end up exploding into millions of pieces you actually hold down right click to charge it and let go while looking up to perform this move. This class is overall good and can help you out if making profit is a bit time consuming and boring with his increased dressing apeal can add a few extra hours of fun just by dressing him up.Pyro he has +25% profit +999% speed while target is in contact by flames, +85% outfit diversity and 65% more confusion. Her main weapon is the flamethrower which allows major bursts of speed if you set people on fire making him a very interesting but new players should avoid using her as his most game changing ability is her comrpession blast which can defend you by deflecting rockets, grenades, plasma grenades, ariplanes, soldiers, wild cabermen and steam flash sales but you have to time his ability or else you-'ll be hit which is why she isn-'t recomended for new players. With the highest outfit diversity in the game he can create intersting and profitable combos which also requires a decent amount of experince to even pull off.Demoman has +35% profit, +50% boom, -25% outfit diversity, +999% damage only active with stock secondary and +45% stealth (Only active during the night). This -unique- looking individual is the explosive expert of the team with his loadout that consist of sharp blades, shields and boots making him an agile tank of destruction, pairing this up with the stock secondary makes you invincible because your aura becomes so strong from the damage increase everything gets ripped from reality and only requires you to press two buttons repeatedly making him easily the best class in combat. Unfourtunatly despite his godly stats in combat he falls short in profiting abilities with having outfits of things from the past, making diversity a problem and can hinder his profit stat.Heavyweapons has -35% speed, +90 more ammo, +10% profit, +60 more gun, +45% outfit diversity +175 bulk. This character is a mixed bag for combat and profit his combat ability is soaking damage and retaliating but he is slow forcing him into a more defence gameplay which can be quite slow and doesn-'t feel rewarding and the fact that demoman-'s damage is off the charts the heavy can only last 3 seconds once he enters the demoman-'s 30 metre aura making this class redundant. As for profit he can be very effective if you can find someone who prefers this characters outfits which because of his offical mascot status can make this quite easy to find. Oh an also the heavy has a hidden ability called -Thick Fat- which makes him take 50% less damage from temperature based attacks.The Engineer has +35% profit, +90% calm down, +35% fun and -20% height. Don-'t look at that -20% height as a bad thing that can be the difference between life and death (even though the characters share the same hit boxes for most projectiles.) and with his sentry gun ability you can create a machine gun that has aimbot and can even upgrade it to shoot rockets aswell making this class easily the most defensive class and with his +90% calm down stat makes him a good switch after a stressful day of ripping people off. The engineers outfit divirsity is interesting and quite large but nothing like the pyros.The elusive Medic has +0.005% speed, +80% happiness, -45% damage, +60% crit ratio, -90% common. The medic is a god send in the meta-game and has the most complex and useful magic attacks in the game with such abilities such as partner shield, skill crits and restore these along can be used together to create devastating combos that can counter even the demomans destructive aura which is why they used this spell combinations on the already powerful demoman to tripple his aura-'s damage and radius. The truth to why the medic is so powerful is because of how rare and fragile they are but when someone experienced enough gets ahold of one they can unleash hell. The medic is soley combat orientated the only ability in profit he is capable of is restoring hats to their original form.Sniper has +90% common, +90% new players, -100% usefullness in large numbers, -70% productivity, -35% vision and -75% interesting outfits. This class can be beast in the hands of a pro but will still be destroyed by demomen, making him pointless and all you can do for fun is scope in atleast with soldier and scout you can do something intersting with them and too many new players choose him like some kind of god or something as if it-'s the ♥♥♥♥ in some other game or something like and fail with him that and then we end up having just scouts, snipers and spies. It-'s just as bad for profit they only have 2 colors pink and green which is a small choice for making profits plus people are lazy with how they look and take the generic stuff angus hood, outback interlectual, that berret with a little shield on it, those sound thingys from apple that hurt your ears and that leather thing for his face and nothing else making him a very linear and boring class combat and profit wise.Spy has +80% commons, +90% new players, -80% usefullness in large numbers, -55% productivity, +60% style, -75% visibility and +55% stealth. The spy has the same faults as the sniper combat wise the demomans arua wrecks him and and too many inexperienced players choose him. The worse part is that they don-'t even bother trying to use the revolver his only way of self-defense other than the energy shield watch. Along with this he is a very paitent and slow class that requires finding the right momment to strike and the right momment to run. Profit wise he has a hole wardrobe of stylish fedoras and diverse suits making him a very interesting class for profiting.If you-'re a fan of tycoon games this might be right up your alley.8.9/10
This game is less than my tukshop money and I don't even have to savour it.
My problem with this game are the enemies.1.The walking shin guards can't be hurt with a ♥♥♥♥ing mining laser (mind you the mining laser can break rocks with relative ease.)2.The flying ♥♥♥♥s are just there to make you rip your ♥♥♥♥ off3.The parasites are just there to make the medic relevant4.The tiny aliens have the worst ♥♥♥♥ing hitbox5.Fire dosen't even go through the walking shin guards either♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥ I'm out.
The game has a lot of depth.No literally the game takes place under Mt. Abott.
