My feels have been officially thrown to the ground, smashed into tiny little pieces, stepped on multiple times, then grinded and placed into that salt shaker on the table...Thanks game, for making me feel so deep into this...Salt / 10 would feels again.(To be honest, it has a good story, and it's free! Definitely recommending it.)
After 2 years of playing this game (I spent more time playing the non-steam version because of personal hardware restrictions back then), this is what I think is a F2P 3rd person co-op shooter done right.Believe me, it is not exactly Pay-2-Win, but more of a Pay-2-Skip-The-Waiting-Process. Even then it-'s usually worth the wait for most parts.At first, new players might be overwhelmed by the content of this game. And that is true, since the tutorial didn-'t really offer detailed explanations on how each of the features work. However, with the help of the wiki and its community, it should be easier for them to sink in to the gameplay.Also, the leveling system here is a bit different than the usual MMORPG style. First of, there are two types of -'level-' in Warframe:1. Gear Rank: Each and every -Warframe- and weapons will have these that can be leveled up to rank 30. every rank gained will provide more -'mod points-' for inserting mods, which in turn will improve their overall performance.2. Mastery Rank: This pretty much depicts your overall ranking in the game. Higher ranks will unlock more weapons to use. Mastery ranks are increased by maxing out the Gear Rank of each and every new Warframe and weapon you-'ve obtained.While it-'s heavily based on grinding, just remember these three things:1. Every Warframe has its own unique set of skills and playstyle, and every weapon has their own strength and weaknesses. You-'ll eventually find the combination that suits you the most, so go and experiment with all of those gears!2. Everything can be obtained without spending actual money (Warframes, weapons, resources, consumables can be crafted), aside from the majority of cosmetics and quick access to specific resources (the latter can still be obtained through grinding). And trust me, whenever you-'ve actually decided to spend money on this, it-'ll be worth every damn cent.3. May RNGesus be with you. Because like I said before, Warframe revolves around grinding (Aside from modding your gear). So if repetitive gameplay isn-'t your cup of tea, this might not be for you (although that-'s pretty much how most loot-based games go). You can choose pay to skip certain parts of the grind, but remember that even then, most of the better gears will not be available until you-'ve reached a higher Mastery rank in the game.All in all, if you-'re up for some fast-paced third person shooter with good graphics and content, I-'d heavily recommend this. You get to be a gunslinging-bladeswinging space ninja, spreading death and terror throughout the solar system, what else do you need?
