Let me start our this review by saying that before Civ 5, I had never played another Civilization game on the PC before this. My only expeirence with the Civ franchise prior was Civ Rev on the XBox and that wasn't all that fleshed out or detailed, mainly kept simple for newcomers to the Civ franchise. So, when I finaly got this game, I was pumped after having bought all the DLC's along with the base game for a good price while it was on sale; 26 bucks, an absolute steal.When I first booted up the game I had no clue what to expect. I had been dumbed down by Civ Rev and it's simplistic mechanics. So when I clicked onto the Civ select screem, my jaw hit the floor; I saw not 20 Civs, not 30, but 43 different playable Civs. You are spoilt for choice in the game right from the start. As the number of civs is easially a selling point of this game. Another part of the game that spoils you for choice is the map selection, with a wide veriety of maps to chose from.Keep in mind that this is before you even start playing the game, so the first impressions on a person like me were astounding. After I had chosen my civ, map type, game length, difficulty etc... I get to playing the game, and holy crap was it fun. I spent hours upon hours playing the game, building my empire and crushing my enemies. I had promised to myself I wouldn't fall victim to the 'one more turn' mentality. It comsumed me until 6 am the next morning; during which I was nuking people at a rate that would have made Ghandi jelous.So in all essence is the game worth it? Two words; Hell yes. If you're a fan of the strategy genre or are interested in playing board games like Risk or even Chess, this game might be for you. The overall layout gives off the feel of a board game. With the $80 price tag for the complete edition and the $70 one for the base game, it's a no-brainer that you would get the complete edition that comes with all the DLC. Overall, the game has really good strategy roots, with many tactics that can be utilised in a whole myriad of ways. With many guides on different strategies that different civs can use in the game, to your own strategies that you devise on the road to victory; there is a load of fun that can be had with this game. And don't forget, there is multiplayer as well.My rating for this game is a 9/10, this rating is for the game in it's complete form, with all the game's DLC. It's a new kind of fun that I couldn't have with a Civ game prior, because it just wasn't as deep or as rich as Civ 5 is. However I have seen debates on weather Civ IV is better than Civ V, or that Civ V is a leap forward and all the nostalgia gets in the way of the flaws of Civ IV. Personally I can't have an opinion on that as I haven't played Civ IV. Like I said before the experience is great, this is definately worth picking up at some point.
