NOTE: Keep in mind, the game must be paid for in order to play at the moment, as it is in Early Access. It will become Free To Play at around the end of the year. Also, a lot of the negative reviews on the front page are complaining about issues that have been fixed or changed or complaining about features that are not in the game YET.In my opinion, This game has a lot of potential. Even though it is currently in early access, it feels like it has enough replayibility to keep me going for hundreds of hours with the latest update. Now, here are some of the pros and cons for the game in its current state.Some Pros: + Pretty art design, the way it is done gives the game a more 'Toon' feel to it. + Alot more enemy diversity compared to DD1.  + The Game is regularly updated, with the latest patch adding loads of content in to the game. + The people who work on the game interact with the community and hold Developer streams on Twitch every friday. + According to the developers, There won't be DLC Map packs, so the community won't be split. + The music in the game is good. + The towers have more 'Personality' as i would call it... + Once it goes F2P, It won't be P2W. + Betsy and cute Propellor Cats + If you do buy Early Access, you get $30 worth of ingame currency to buy costumes with.A few Cons: - It's in early access, so you have to pay to be able to play it. - Tavern is laggy and the game feels slightly unoptimized. - Uber Skill Spheres cost waaaaaaay too many Wyvern Tokens.. (i call the tokens 'Betsy Bucks') - Level cap that does not take long to reach. (Level Cap will be increased later on) - Earlier maps become meaningless to play once you hit level 25. (They are adding Incursions soon for them to make them playable in late game again) - Bug paradise - No controller support yet.Note: Most of the problems i have with the game a due to the game still being in development and a lot of the features are not in it yet.Final Verdict: While the game is unfinished and has it's fair share of problems, it's fun, which is what people really look for in games. 8/10 (in it's current state)
P2W Microtransactions
