This is a fun game, slow or fast paced depending on how you play, has a simple and fast inventory system and fighting mechanics. Interesting and hard enemies and a good score make this a good little masterpiece of a game for casual gameplay with friends or by yourself.
the continuation from the legendary mod, a heart throbbing, immersive, realistic game where the lines between good and evil become blurred and the only person you can trust is yourself. The experience turns from a fight for survival agianst zombies to skirmishes with bandits and all out clan warfare as your player progresses and you collect more gear and explore the 230 sqaure kilometer  map full of towns, people the undead, and the occasional suprise. definatley a 10/10 in my books
this game is one like no other.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to you who need to use controllers and complain about trivial stuff, and the game (at least one very pc ive tried) doesnt crash when you alt-tab, it just takes a really long time to get back in while sitting looking at a black screen. there are bugs and glitches, server lag and some people are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s but that is literally all i can think of that is wrong with this game.it is the only game with a large community set in the middle east between the USA and Insurgents, has many different terains including those inflluenced by the mountains, towns in deserts and mountains, open fields of afghanistan and desert. it offfers full customisation of several wepon systems and your soldier, for each class with none of that leveling ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, and relies on teamwork for victory. its a very fast paced game with intense firefights, and you cant just run straight at the enemy. this game requires, to some extent, tactics and strategy, definitley a game to play with friends or a clan, but even fun just playing with randoms. there is excellent workshop items skins, sounds etc and i have made tonnes of friends playing this game.sorry if this review sounded a bit like gibberish, this game is 8/10 at least, in my books.
Are you ready to ♥♥♥♥ your pants? No? WELL TOO BAD. You are going to play this game and your gonna ♥♥♥♥ your pants and LIKE it, the ♥♥♥♥♥in gof pants that is, because that is a mere comfort compared to the satan summoned horrors that have been summoned in this game.
It's nice in the surfBUTWhat about the men in the trenches?GO AND  HELP
