Kane & Lynch 2: We should have stopped at oneThe first thing I noticed with this game, was a headache. I mean, the shaky cam gave me a headache, and for the first time in my life I got to experience motion sickness. Once I figured out where they hid the option for the shaky cam (hint: it's in the controls section), I finished the main game in only 3 hours... without rushing.The main story revolves around Kane and Lynch getting together for one more job. Everything goes to hell, and you shoot your way out. That is pretty much the whole story, right there. I wish I was kidding right now.The game was short, repetitive, and for the most part, downright awful. Aiming sucked, the cover-based mechanics were sub-par, and the story was nowhere to be found. The graphics, while alright in some places, were stitched together with overused lighting effects, and what J. J. Abrams would consider to be too many lens flares. This was likely used in an attempt to hide their rushed graphics.They also do this weird thing in the game where they censor headshots... you shoot someone in the head, a big blur spot appears and breaks immersion. If you want to kill a game, this is a good place to start. Was it supposed to be artistic, like the shaky cam?I'm really not sure there is much to recommend with this game, I barely stuck with it long enough to finish it.Graphics: 6/10 (once you turn off shaky cam)Story: 2/10 (Hey, we're shooting people... that's a story, right?)Gameplay: 5/10 (it was playable, not much else)Overall: ... 3/10? I don't know, the game sucked and caused me physical pain from trying to play it.Not recommended.
I really wanted to like this game, it looked like it had a good deal of promise. I thought $4 was a good price to pay for it, that it was worth a shot at that price. I was wrong.I should have listened to the overwhelming array of negative reviews. It seems to be using an old Unreal engine, like maybe the Unreal 2 engine or something, and the controls are just awkward. There are slowdowns (for seemingly no reason), long loading times, and this all spells a bad experience without even getting into the poor graphic quality and poor audio quality (yes, I know it's indie, I took that into account).Trying to exit the game after my 47 minutes of buggy playtime was an experience in itself. My system hung on a black screen for around 10 minutes (couldn't even CTRL+ALT+DEL), and my computer was slow for another 10 or so minutes after that with the harddrive being hammered the whole time. It even managed to crash the audio driver in Ventrillo (which I was logged into in the background). The error message said something about too much data being forced through the sound driver.Overall, my experiences with Day One were not unique, and I just cannot recommend this game to anyone.
As much as I have enjoyed playing Watch_Dogs, I'm not sure I could ever recommend it.First things first, UPlay. Games in Steam need a big warning across the top of the store page if they require UPlay. Why do I need two DRMs to play a game?! Anyway... lets get to it:'Poor optimisation' seems to be the catch phrase for this game on PC, and I agree completely. The first time I ran the game, I clicked on New Game and was treated to a blank screen. After a minute or so of nothingness, I had the game crash, along with UPlay and Steam, all at the same time!Some parts of the game are fun. I love the gang hideout missions (going into a gang area and knocking out their leader), and the stealth gameplay mixed with hacking is great. As I'm sure others have mentioned in reviews though, there are some occasional mishaps with hacking. Sometimes, even though you aim at the person you want to hack, the game decides to blow something up instead.The driving in the game is where most of the poor optimisation shows itself. Apart from the driving mechanics being less than desirable, it can be very hard to drive when the game is stuttering as you transition from one sector to another... or sometimes just as you drive normally. Trying to chase someone in a car is frustrating, and should probably have been removed from the game. You need to either ramthem enough to get them to stop, or hack something in their path to stop them.The story? Well, something happened, someone died, blah blah blah... revenge. It is very cliched and predictable. Nothing really new here, just left over scraps of story rejected from other games.Overall, the game looks nice enough, and there are some fun moments. If you can deal with the bugs, there might be a decent game here. I paid about $20 for it, and I feel I paid for a game that was not ready for release. If they fix the game up, I might be willing to reconsider my opinion. It's hard to like a game when you are constantly frustrated by the game stuttering. With all the bugs, I feel like I'm playing Gothic 3 again.Graphics: 7/10Story: Haven't finished it yet, but so far 4/10Bugs: 11/10
This is a game I didn't even know I owned until one day when I went through my Humble Bundle games and found this in there, unclaimed. Well, I installed it, gave it a try, and I must say it is a strange game but quite amusing.In the game, you play as Tiny, chasing a guy named Big. The basic premise of the game is to get from one area to the next, and the main way to do that is with a cutting laser. You basically carve your way through the terrain and hack up large rocks and ancient ruins, while trying to get your 'pants' (read 'underwear') back from Big. Or were they your Grandpa's pants? Doesn't really matter.This game is fun, and very different. Have a look at the videos in the store and decide if the game is for you. I didn't pay for it directly, so I'm not sure if I would pay the $10 for it, I never had to consider if I wanted to buy the game or not. Big thumbs up from me for this indie game.
This game was an entry in the 48hour game challenge. Yes, this game was made in 48 hours. Don't let that turn you off.I haven't had this game for long, but I already LOVE it. It's like trying to perform surgery with a dead arm. If you want a game that is impossible to master and will leave you in stitches, get Surgeon Simulator. If you want to shoot birds at pigs, this is the wrong game.
