Everyone giving this game bad reviews because of airdrops or Sony getting acquired by an investment firm are kinda silly. I paid $20 for this game, and I've played 90 hours so far and plan to play many more. First off - to anyone who says airdrops are pay to win, you are completely wrong. Your chances of getting a gun from a paid airdrop are almost as slim as your chances are surviving with the loot that actually drops from the crate - I managed to single handedly steal an airdrop from 3 guys because they weren't even watching, but I didn't get a gun anyway, only IEDs, moonshine and some swizzle. Another airdrop I saw only dropped things like a waist pouch and wooden tools. So if you do manage to get a SINGLE gun from an airdrop, you will have to be 1) extremely lucky to actually get an airdrop containing a gun 2) extremely lucky to actually get the airdrop and survive the zombies and attacking players3) extremely lucky to survive more than an hour with the single gun you got from a crate - WHICH IS AN ITEM YOU CAN FIND IN THE WORLD ANYWAYDOESN'T SOUND TOO PAY TO WIN TO ME, BUT ANYWAY.Okay, so now you should be fairly convinced that airdrops are not gamebreaking. This game, is fun as hell. I had nobody to buy this game with and have made many friends (and enemies) by just running around and talking to the whacky people found all around the lovely H1Z1 map. Most people will stop for a chat (unless you have a gun and they also have a gun, then they will probably shoot you) and you can always have a good time within a few minutes of spawning on a high population server.I have no idea where I was going with this review, but this game is fun. Really, really, really, ridiculously fun. I love shooting people in the head with an arrow. I love getting shot in the head with an arrow. I love blasting nerds away with a shotgun. I love getting blasted away by nerds with a shotgun. I love the zombies. The zombies hate me. I hate the bears. The bears, also, hate me.Who cares what this game turns into? It's a great way to spend $20 and it's fun NOW. The changes they have been making have only been good, and anyone who thinks this game will turn into a horrible monstrosity of a videogame out of nowhere are probably the same people that think Obama is in the Illuminati and will shoot into space in a super secret alien aircraft if the world goes downhill.Anyway, buy this game and we can have fun together. I might even shoot you in the face with an arrow. 
-It looks lame, but it is the most fun I-'ve had in a video game in about 5 years.- Those were the words uttered to me by a friend. At first, I was skeptical.But after cleaning all the ♥♥♥♥ off my desk, computer and surroundings, I can tell you - he wasn-'t lying.
