Most depressing game? Quite possibly.Darkest Dungeon is a game I only recently discovered, and I-'m very glad I did.An incredibly punishing game that should please masochists the world over - Darkest Dungeon combines a variety of gameplay elements spanning several genres, and heavy influence from Lovecraftian mythos with dark gothic themes.Playing as somewhat of an RPG/DnD/adventure/roguelike hybrid, the game focuses upon building a party and completing quests through side-scrolling exploration riddled with turn-based strategy for combat. This may sound fairly stock-standard, but the added element of -stress- adds a layer of depth unlike any I-'ve seen in a game.Each character has a set amount of HP. Simple? Yes.Each character has a set level of stress at any given point in time. Simple? Not quite.Actions while questing, fighting, resting and returning to town in-between quests will all have an impact on a character-'s stress; this is what turns an otherwise fairly simple RPG into a challenging, punishing experience of a game. Once stress level on a character hits 100, they turn insane: acting irrational, spreading stress among party members, attacking of their own accord in battles. This is exactly what you want to avoid. I could go on about Darkest Dungeon for several pages, but that would simply be detracting from the amount of time you could be spending actually playing it. Though early access (at this moment), it-'s easily worth the purchase and will have you cursing for hours on end as your party members trudge through dungeons, are faced with insanity and eventually perish.Buy this game.
You've heard of heroin and cocaine, but have you heard of Clicker Heroes?The pure embodiment of addiction in video game form - this game is absolutely pointless, but you won't be able to stop playing it for some strange reason. There's no goal, and no reward (aside from exponentially increasing numbers), and no escape.But hey, at least it's free. Unlike your spare time.
hi Steam my name is Qualbertbad rats is my favourite game on steamso much that i will buy it for my friendplease make a sequellove qualbert :^)
Ever wanted to play Mega Man, Castlevania and DuckTales all in one?Well now you can! Add that with fluid controls, simple yet complex shovel-based combat and a plethora of cringeworthy puns and you've got yourself one of the best indie games ever made. I hope you can dig it.
The Binding of Eye SacA game about a baby whose tear-ducts are so enflamed due to the hardship of his former life, that he sets out into his own basement in order to retrieve a packet of eyedrops that he was given as a christening present.Unfortunately, little does he know, his eyedrops are guarded by the forces of hell (among other things), making it rather difficult for poor Eye Sac to get them back. There-'s even a giant hairy leg that just so happens to be the true guardian of the eyedrops. It-'s a bit like that Goron in Ocarina of Time that needs eyedrops because he-'s been snacking on a few too many delicious Goron -onions-, but far more dark and depressing.
Holy ♥♥♥♥.
The Binding of Eye SacA game about a baby whose tear-ducts are so enflamed due to the hardship of his former life, that he sets out into his own basement in order to retrieve a packet of eyedrops that he was given as a christening present.Unfortunately, little does he know, his eyedrops are guarded by the forces of hell (among other things), making it rather difficult for poor Eye Sac to get them back. There-'s even a giant hairy leg that just so happens to be the true guardian of the eyedrops. It-'s a bit like that Goron in Ocarina of Time that needs eyedrops because he-'s been snacking on a few too many delicious Goron -onions-, but far more dark and depressing.
It's not often I care much about the graphics of a game - being a Nintendo gamer and all, gameplay often comes first (as it should). But this game? This game has changed my opinion.Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons has such a beautiful art style, like Fable: that realistic yet slightly cartoony look. The game is filled with an array of warm colours, gorgeous lighting and an absolutely HUGE sense of scale. Playing as the two brothers in such a lonely yet amazing set of environments, you feel absolutely dwarfed by the sheer scale of it all. This is saying a lot - but I'm going as far as to say this visually looks more impressive than Okami, which if you've played you'll know is one of the best looking games despite its age.Coupled with a superb, chilling soundtrack and a completely unique single-player co-op gameplay style; this is seriously the perfect game. Two hours in and I swear this is game of the year material, if not one of the best games I've ever played if it continues the way it's started.This had better win a multitude of indie game awards. People NEED to play this.
I recently started and finished The Vanishing of Ethan Carter in a single sitting, and was thoroughly impressed the entire 4.2 hours it took me to fully complete the game.Although very short (and possibly too short for the full price of the game), TVoEC offers a simplistic yet incredibly engaging game. Taking inspiration from early 20th century weird fiction (namely H.P. Lovecraft, as expected), the story revolves around a private eye on a mission in an isolated village to help one -Ethan Carter-. While playing through the opening segment, it seemed quite similar to Dark Corners of the Earth (also available on Steam, but broken as all hell) - being dumped in a disturbing setting with next to no guidance, only to figure everything out for yourself. This minimalist style of gameplay definitely works in the game-'s favour, as it seems to allow for a more immersive experience. There is no HUD, health bars, maps or quest icons. You have the WASD keys, the mouse, and your own two feet.Gameplay revolves around solving various puzzles, and entering the minds of those deceased to see memories shortly before their deaths. It feels slightly cliche, but isn-'t too over-the-top like you might expect. The game-'s story is unravelled through these various puzzle sequences, as you explore the village in which the game is set, learning of the characters and their relationships with one another. It-'s definitely not an in-depth story, but it is very engaging.Where TVoEC really shines is in its atmosphere. From the very first minute of the game, the atmosphere of this game almost smacks you in the face with how incredibly immersive it is. The stunning environments, beautifully-composed soundtrack and occasional narration from the main character provide an incredible feeling of isolation as you make your way through an empty and run-down village. It-'s almost unlike any game I-'ve ever played, and has to be played to fully understand.I picked the game up off the Humble Store for $6.66 (coincidence?) and felt very satisfied with my purchase. For the RRP of $19.99 it may seem like a bit much for a game that can be finished in a few hours, but for anything ~$10 or less it-'s definitely a must-have for fans of mystery, horror, and weird fiction.
Retro-inspired platforming goodness with smooth controls, ridiculous difficulty and a killer soundtrack. Play it.
