No More Room in Hell takes the survival aspect of zombie survival and makes it as intense as possible while keeping each game short, simple and verry intense.In this game you will struggle to share supplies with your teammates and struggle keeping your supplies off your friends. Its a little bit like DAYZ sometimes with the teamkilling that occours every now and then. but usually the team works seamlessly together, organising the weapons you carry and ammunition, right down to struggleing to punch a zombie in the face, This game is Grit, Spit and horse sh*t everywhere you turn, and I LOVED it!So if you're the kind of person who likes short matches of intense survival and loves playing Left4Dead on Realism, then this game in for you!
Okay, If you want to just see Pro-'s and Con-'s, Skip to the bottom of this review.Ignore my playtime, I mostly played this offline and for some reason steam didn-'t register it, I-'ve played over 17 hours and i-'m already awestruck at this game. Even though it-'s over 5 years old, This game holds up alongside the ranks of Half Life, Assasins Creed and, you guessed it, the Elder Scrolls games. Developed by the same people who later brought you skyrim, and previously, oblivion, This game is a brilliant and addictive game. And no, It-'s not broken for windows 7 or 8. There are many community guides you can look up to make this game run on those operating systems. The fix is easy and the game and the minimal trouble to get it working are both very much worth it, This game is inspirational, And though there are a couple of bugs and glitches, There are many community modders and patches that have been released on nexus. This game has a reasonably active modding community and an easy, open third-party program called FOMM (Fallout Mod Manager) that has all the basic tools for modding the game, There-'s not multiplayer, But you dont really need it, Its fun enough as it is, So you dont have to worry about being banned by people for bad ping and listening to a chat full of screemers. This game does one thing right, and that-'s singleplayer. I think of this games mechanics like skyrim, But with guns, radiations and tales of the post cold-war wastelands as humanity struggles to survive.So, A recap:Pro-'s:- Your choices actually matter.- You are given many options in combat, and can even recruit bodygaurds.- You feel the atmosphere of the wastes greeting you.- The story is brilliantly written.- The voice acting is damn good (in most cases).- Many modding options.- The G.O.T.Y. edition here gives you all 5 dlc at once.- Great, Helpful community.- Allot of side quests and places to explore, Playing Endgame after the main storyline is still exciting and challenging.Con-'s:- Needs fixing for Win 7&8 which Bethesda denied. (can still be fixed manually).- No multiplayer, It-'s a single player only game, Like skyrim.- Combat ADS doesnt -Aim Down Sights- but rather zooms in a little, Except on scoped weapons.- Textures aren-'t the best, Though this can be fixed with a couple of simple mods.- Lots of little bugs, a couple of game breaking ones.- Earning money is nigh, frustrating at the beginning.- The crappy green tint filter gets annoying after a while, Though, there is a mod to remove the tint.All in all, I give it 101/10
Now, Don't mistake this game to be anything like space engineers, The people over at Keen have done an amazing job at making this game vary from space engineers, Those of you who have Space Engineers will have to re-think everything you thought you knew about engineering. The Physics complexity, The Graphical beauty and the absolutely stunning soundtrack make this game completely worth the cost! The soundtrack alone is worth buying this game!The downside's are that the game so far has not been completed, so flaws are to be expected, and the structural integrity can crash the game at some point and because it's newer there's a distinct lack of mod's compared to its space-themed counterpart.To sum it all up;Pro's:+Graphically stunning, very good for an alpha, But atleast on my PC, Not too taxing.+Eargasm! The soundtrack is both soothing, and uplifting. If you like medieval themed orchestra, Then the music alone is reason enough to buy this game!+Complex physics.  Something that is hardly ever seen in most games is the formation of rubble in such a believable manner. Your building's will have to stand up to the test of gravity and it really makes you need to think outside the box!+Scroll n' roll. Scrolling with select blocks will give you varients of that block type. This is something i love about Medieval Engineers. Nuff said.+Blockception. You can place a block withing a block withing a block within a bl- (etc.)Con's:-Physics! Y U DO THIS?! Like I said, Amazingly complex and glorious physics and destruction, But these attributes are also a downfall if you build too big! The very structural integrity this game is heralded for is its greatest downfall, requiring you to bear with the limitations of the current engine. Remember, This will probably be changed in later updates.-So, No real weapons? Well, Not yet. You can shoot canonballs but let's be honest. We're all waiting for swords, shields, bows and arrows! The recent addition of Barbarians (destructive A.I.) can't be killed very easily and appear to have their own spiked club as a weapon, which is not available to the player at this time. This will mostlikely change in future updates.Now there are probably some other things, but that's a summary. Also, some blocks are missing from the trailer, My guess is over at Keen, They are fixing up some block dynamics, Checking viability and tweaking the physics engine a bit. The lack of mod's in the steam workshop should be temporary too, as the more people get this, the more modder's will come and grace this gem of a game. You dont even need to own this game to mod it! :DIn the end, I give it a 9.5/10. Good job Keen and thanks for this wonderful addition to my Steam library!
