Hello, My name is DuffMan!!!!.....!! im going to critique this as non bias as possible!So i see this on steam on sale at the time very cheap $3.70c or somthing (geusstimate*) think why not , it looks silly it-'s cheap i-'ll get my money-'s worth if i play 10mins of it.2 hours later...Footlol is complete chaos!You start in -championship mode- (campaign) and start to learn basic technique-'s such as laying mines. At first this all seem-'s pretty straight forward so there is a slight grind at the start, but i didn-'t find myself bored of blowing up these funny little footbal player-'s!As you continue to earn cash to buy upgrade-'s or avatar-'s if you wish, although i would like to see more for online expression, every gamer takes pride in there charachter-'s but that last bit was entirly personal opinion :PBut the upgrade-'s seem quite a sufficient balance of defence and counter-'s and sometime-'s just have unbelievable resulst-'s!All in all , it-'s cheap it-'s a great laugh even if you don-'t get into the whole -tatical side- of thing-'sFor this im giving it (drumroll..)4 out 5 Duffman thrust-'s in your general DDDDIIIrectionnn!!!
You need anti-cheat filter, i just shot a guy  directly point blank range in the face unloaded a whole clip he then changed weapon and shot me me 1ce and i died.....litteraly whole assualt rifle clip point blank.... to all you cheaters out there...it isnt any fun if you win all the time, im not the best gamer and i never cheat ... i dont like lying to myself what's wrong with you cheating losers?
No inside wheel view = deal breaker
Hey, i know its e.a. but at the moment the loading times are ridiculous, i mean i finish a quest and it takes my character 5mins to load! , im not saying this wont be good just saying wait a bit unless you want to work for testing on the game for free.
here-'s my review, -good, exept i bought this when episode 1 came out. So considering that was last year a few months now, i have no memory of my choices let alone the character-'s , memorable, sure.. but 3 months memorable...= -pisstake-if any t.v. show released one epsiode and didn-'t tell me when the next episode was going to be released, i wouldnt watch it again.
if you are in anyway against religion and for science, this game will make you cry and then later puke! you will turn this off before the end.Don-'t get me wrong i felt for the couple, but the bible study at the end.. couldn-'t handle it.  I stopped giving a ♥♥♥♥ so much when they used the bible jesus this jesus that..i-'m not saying it-'s terrible but i truly felt it like another Christian scheme, -Prey on the vulnerable-Get me feeling for your terrible situation, and the big hero god and jesus saves the daySeriously .....♥♥♥♥ this game, I-'m sorry your child did or didn-'t die turns out reality and truth sucks and so does cancer.
