One of the best game I've ever buy :3 It provided enough challenge with the hard mode, item synergy with each other that still give me new combination even after 100+ hours into the game, interesting Challenge, good amount of character with different skill set (except The Lost...). Cant wait to see the DLC that will come up after this seeing how Warth Of The Lamb did to the old Binding of Isaac.
The game is pretty fun, at least I know that Goliath isnt as OP as I though before base on other video/gameplay, but still if you play smart it's fun. Overall I have no problem with the Alpha, except the Thunder Dome. If there's a small gap between the Thunderdome's field and the enviroment such as mountain, the monster can get trapped completely, and can do nothing but stuck there, cant move, leap and other skill cant be use to escape since it treated me as floating in the air... basically I have to wait for the Thunderdome to go off before able to move again, at which point my HP is already down alot since the Hunter still can shoot me in that state.UPDATE: Now after playing it for a while, how do I feel about it? It's fun, it really is. But there're 2 problem I have with it.1. I'm worry that it might have the same problem with TitanFall, it have 1 genius idea and executed really well, but that's all it have. And that's not really worth a full price games, though maybe the final version will have much more to offer2. The Monster is not really OP, but if the Monster is decent enough, and the Hunters' team have only 1 noob but he's either Trapper or Supporter, the Hunters are doomed. Trapper and Supporter are way too important to be handle by someone who dont know how to play them, and by disable them first (usually the supporter first then the trapper, or the otherway around is fine too, just not as effective) the fight become really too easy even for a Stage 2 Goliath. Kraken seem even more OP but I havent try it yet so...I cant wait to see what more can they do with the game in the final product, will put this on my wishlist until then.
One of the best FPS that actually let you -feel- each and every hit you make!
