I love this game, because you can got though the ages. you start off in the ancient age, and you work your way up to the information age. but you can also change what age you start off in and what age you end in. I would have say it is a bit like civ 5 (sid meier's civilization 5) because of the ages. the game can suport twitch streamming. which i don't use it, but it's nice that it's there, in case i want to use it. I have say it is a old game, but has been remastered to go on window computers. but it was one of the best RTS game of it's time and it still is. so if your looking for a RTS game, and you have 20 bucks, this game might be for you. i would rate this game a 8 out of 10See you next time
I like the Game but theres no Multiplayer but if you want the mod you get off the internet.It's a great game i would rate 8.5 Stars Theres nothing wrong with the game. but theres no Multiplayer Great Game I'ts a game for People who like Trucks
Great Game and I Love it
I played this game, when I was younger. I absolutely loved it. I got it on Steam to relive the moments. I just haven't been able to relieve the moments yet. If you're a person who had the original game. You're probably not going to want/buy this game considering that you've already paid for it, ages ago. The CD keys aren't redeemable on steam, it's going for US$ 20.00 it's a bad Price considering it was made in 1999. If I enhanced the game, I would of put the price as $10.00, but that's just my opinion though. but believe me it is a great game, it was hailed as one of the best strategy games of it's day. If you're gaming taste is medieval/RTS it's right down your alley way. It also does have a map editor in the game. Which is great it's better than having to close down the game and open a separate programI would probably have to rate it, 7/10 Garmes
I would highly recommend this game to anyone. but it does has flaws but hey, it's still in early access. in order to play with friends you port port forward your router. but there will be dedicated servers 3.0. so that will make things much more easier to play with your friends. I will would unturned a 9/10. it's a awsome game. and plus it's free after all. you always try it.
