Play Cry of FearFree Game
Best Simulator Uninstal Ever9/10
Very itfrensiv I LOVE THIS GAME PUCAU PUCAU PUCAU
fROM:Wolfipls | cant play on WekeendI played it a bit.It's ok. Alright, so since this stupid review got so many votes and people keep calling me out on my stupid overused joke I might as well tell my honest opinion about this game. Awesomenauts might give you a bit of a slow start. Things might seem confusing at first, toturial only tells the very basics. Your first online matches are going to most likely be with people who are as inexperienced as you and it's all good, but after a while you're going to get matched up against martian blokes with 600 ping that refuse to play their own region, the literal top players of the world and team comps that seem too overpowered, and there's nothing you can do about it.This game has a lot of issues, but the developers are very active in patching up the game and are really doing their best with fixing balance issues and such (even though sometimes they manage to f*ck it up even more). If only they could get dedicated servers... Ronimo pls If you get this game you will meet a lot of toxic players, a lot of laggers and all that bad stuff. It might sound like I don't like this game at all, but underneath all that is a really great game which has granted me and a lot of other players tons and tons of entertainment (as can be seen by the playtime of some reviewers). I highly recommend this game since the biggest thing this game need right now is a bigger community. sry for me bad ingles
I really liked the game at first, but it kept going downhill, the last thing I will say is the G.O.R.E. update, it released new weapons, a rifle, pistol and sword. Each one of those weapons were able to be upgraded 2 times, so it-'d be rifle, upgraded rifle, upgraded upgraded rifle, but of course, each upgrade was harder to do, and the most upgraded rifle, could easily one hit kill someone, the DPS on the pistols (which shot in three burst (now fixed)) was insanely high, and well, for the sword, all melee is over powered so you get the idea on that. Some people made a clan to nerf the guns, some people made a clan to get rid of the update and killed anyone (the clan was always in a zerg) using the weapons, whether they were in the same faction or not. And then there was a clan that said to keep the update as is, and of course, they were using the Level 3 weapons. So they finally nerfed the weapons after about a month or so. Some people are wondering things like -Why is he even saying this?- Well, I-'m saying this because if the Devs released an update that had insanely OP weapons without even thinking about if it-'s OP, or to test it or anything really, It really makes me not being able to trust them with future content, and also, the only reason the nerfed it, is because people were canceling their subscriptions until they nerfed it
If this game was priced at $30+ I would say avoid it like the plague.If this game was priced at $20 I would say don't bother waiting for a sale.If this game was priced at $10 I would say just buy anything else.If this game was priced at $5 I would say you could buy lunch instead.If this game was priced at $1 I would say you have no reason not to own this.
