Where to start...This game is amazing, whether its drinking bleach to going rambo in the streets with your shotgun, this game has everything! This is the BEST zombie game ever made and the most enjoyable. The multiplayer is awesome, its not shoot on sight or pvp or nothing kind of game like Dayz and Rust. The main threat is the actuall zombies for once!!! Every aspect of this game ive touched has been extremely enjoyable and is a MUST to play. Especially if your a zombie maniac like me XDIt isnt about winning or killing every single zombie on Earth, you WILL die, its just a matter of how...The community is also probably the best ive EVER seen in my life for a game, its just overwhelming how supportive and kind the community is :)Theres is no real way I can describe this game properly without been face-to-face, theres just so much to talk about! Get this game now if you like blasting zombies XD
Floating Point, this is a game that thee-'s no million zombies rushing at your for your brains, or a ton of terrorists trying to blow up the city. This game is surprising relaxing, casual and amazing experience to play. Got a spare 5 mins before work, school, or even football training? Just launch Floating Point. Playing this game for ten minutes feels like 30, and it is all so rewarding when you can swing yourself across the level at a hundred miles per hour and get that last beam of light to unlock all the traces of where you have been. Once you complete a level and press enter you transfor yourself, a little ball thing, into the background of the previous level. The music is so relaxing and vibrant, and I love how the sound of it gets -distorted- when you go under water. When you go under water you lose a lot of momentum and it-'s a lot harder to get in the water then above the water. Another thing about the water is that you float in it, so it-'s very hard to get far enough to get those deep level beams of light you need to travel through. The aim of the game is to pretty much fly through these red beams of light (which also get shorter if you hit a wall) and progress through many levels.In all this is a MUST download (as it-'s a free game), so what are you waiting for? It-'s only about 54 MB and it-'s free! Get it before they put a pricetag on this wonderful creation of a game! =D
So, here we have a game where you thrash zombies for a living. Not to mention living, for a living.This game was a bit complicated when you first pick it up, especially without a friend to help you out with some neat old tips, but it's easy to get into after a little bit. In this game there are three vanilla (not including moded zombies like hellsgate map explosive zombies XD), Runners, Walkers and Kiddies. Be weary of kids, though small, consider them a zombie version of a ninja assassion. Small and fast. There are Runners which will sprint at you and grapple you unless you push em away with v. same with walkers but they dont sprint. Oh and theres the player zombies from fallen infected comrades which are slightly tougher thern the runners. As you just heard, if you get grappled you will get bitten by a zombie and may even get infected unless you quickly shoot/kill it or push it away. There are also the many many guns and weapons you can use, including the badass grenades, molotovs and tnt's. The ammo management is quite complex compared to things like cod where only certain guns can take certain ammo. E.g. a winchester rifle uses 357. ammo as does the S&W so if you expect it to be like cod zombies this is not what your looking for.With that aside I have had a lot of laughs and many fun hours with this game with my friends. There is an endless amount of fun you can have with this game in general, and I hope this review gave yall mates a breif idea of what this game is like! ;)
