Okay so this game has got a good tutorial system and for a Alpha its all right. but this game 90% of the time is complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. unless you play this game 24/7 with the patience of a monk you will hate it. like i do. would no reccomend to any casual gamers. maybe ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. cause thats what this game plays to
I made two bog rolls become a paper towel roll.10/10 best game eu/au/nu/wewewbut in all seriousness this is a amazing game. great mechanics that are simple to use but difficult to master (which i love btw)a little bug which even though may be a bug i dont want them to fix is that if the parts for a vehicle are lower then the jack. it can stick into the ground. which actually helped me keep my things in place so they wouldn't fly/drive off.multiplayer works great through the P2P system AND TO GET THAT RIGHT IS A ♥♥♥♥ING AWARD IN ITSELF.what id like as a aditional part is a keybind system that when your in a seat you can use certain binds to active things like attached switches. i say this because i made a car that has fold out thruster/boosters but i was only able to use them by either flipping a switch then getting in the car or by making the car go forward connecting it to the controllerall in all a great well made game that even on the point of realease i had no troubles with this game.recommend to anyone who loves rudigoldberg machines or besige
So i have seen from a lot of people they get bored very quickly. thing is. amongst the drama with multiplayer. amongst the hardware troubles with some. it is a game that you have to know wether it is for you or not.this isn't a action game. but there is plenty of adrenaline if you look for it.this isn't a fetch quest game (like grab that get this get better things). but you have a choice to look for everything, and at the same time look for one thing only.this isn't a spaceship game (ones like star citizen or elite dangerous etc.). but you can upgrade to cooler looking or more usefull ships and partake in battles against massive legions.this however is a exploration game. not just in the game. but for yourself. you FIND what you like about this game. and the stick to it. there is not limitations. it gives you the freedom to do anything but gives you the option of a goal.reach the center. you can completly ignore it and just decide to explore the universe and just gawk at the beautyultimately this is a game where you NEED to experience it. but do know that as i've said. its not for everyone. but you can always refund it. if you love it then my wishes for safe flight fellow traveler.Personal note: i don't have a beast of a machine but on occassion i do get a big lag spike. which is fine because all i have to do to fix it is save and reload the game. and if thats all the problems i'll encounter to play this beautiful game then i have no issues.8/10 still needs work technical side but a fantastic game overall.
MORE ADDICTING THAN CRACK.okay i bought this game cause why not i had some left over cash when i did i found out i no longer wanted to sleep anymore i played this the night i bought it up till 4 am and now im awake again im playing again.its addicting like you wouldnt believe its got a great battle system and above all is very well made game.would only recomend to people who dont actually sleep because once ya start ya cant stopAWESOME GAME I GIVE IT A 8/8 M8 DIS GAM 2 GR8
