A good game if you feel like relaxing and not having to rush through the levels. You can take multiple approaches to problems, which is rather entertaining to explore, though sometimes things can get lost in translation.Overall, it is a fun game, and I enjoyed it, but it does get a little same-y after a while. I understand the new release coming out has superheroes in it, but I honestly don't think I'll find myself actively purchasing another Scribblenauts game if it's much of the same concept.
The guys at Gearbox have an amazing sense of humour and pepper this game with plenty of pop culture references and easter eggs. Play this with at least one friend for maximum enjoyment. I'm a huge fan of co-op shooters like this, and I really wish there were more of them as a whole, but if they're also made as well as this game, I'll be a happy camper indeed. Great fun, lots of replayability, worth it.
Amazing storyline as usual. Given the different time and the different setting of Columbia rather than Rapture, there are distinct differences between this game and the previous Bioshock titles. This isn't a bad thing though! I really enjoyed this game, and even though I thought I spent a lot of time exploring every nook and cranny, I still didn't discover everything this game has to offer on my first playthrough. Elizabeth is also done amazingly well. You never have to baby her, and the amount of times she threw me health, salts or ammo when I -really- needed it was so amazing.
Surprisingly fun, even for someone like me who is hardly a poker player. Make sure you turn on the character banter, because they have some hilarious conversations between each other. Going into this game, Max was the only character I didn't recognise, but coming out of it, I went and purchased the Sam & Max game series because I found the character that entertaining.Extra fun to play if you own Team Fortress 2, as you will unlock one special item from each character that can be used in that game.
Mass Effect is one of those games where you'll like it or you won't. I have friends who can't stand it even though they've never played it, simply because they find the whole concept of being able to pursue relationships with the NPCs as ridiculous. You don't, however, even need to embrace this part of the gameplay to complete the game, nor does it effect your experience. Ultimately all you'll miss out on is flirty conversations and a cut-scene or two.Besides, in the first game you can't romance Garrus and we all know you want a piece of that Vakarian ♥♥♥.Mass Effect allows you to take various approaches in combat. You can spec your Shepard in three fields: psychic powers, tech gadgets or the standard point-and-shoot gun toter. I started out purely as a grunt, but gradually began dual-speccing into the psychic tree because there are definitely scenarios where the powers come in handy with the management of hostile AI.The game also follows the 'good' vs 'evil' concept. You can take the moral high ground in your actions and go Paragon, or be a little more brutal and shift towards Renegade. Whichever way you go obviously alters the way people interact with you and even has an effect on your appearance. You don't have to go 100% either way, but you will definitely have moments where you'll need to be specced deep into one tree to make a really important choice, so it's best to go the full ham and commit to one side or the other.Because of its choose-your-own-adventure style, there's a lot of replayability if you want to explore different threads of your choices. I know that I still need to replay this and save a character who I didn't manage to save on my first playthrough. I'm stubborn and I want to keep them around for the next games. Oh yes, there's two sequels.. your choices and your crew will port over into them (by choice) so you may now go and lose a large chunk of your life to this amazing game. It's worth it.
Who hasn't already heard great things about this game? The story, the setting, the badass Big Daddies. This game barely puts a foot wrong.While I had fun trying out all the different plasmids on offer, I heavily used the electric one because it was useful over multiple areas. It disables enemes, can obviously kill them (especially in water, and hey guess where Rapture was built) and didn't destroy corpses so you can still loot them ie. freezing. Overall, what you use regarding plasmids and weapons is a combination of personal preference and the fight scenarios. From what I've heard, a lot of people had their preferences lean towards the shock choice though (Is it just me or is electrocution just the favoured mod of choice not matter what the game?)If you're a giant chicken like I am, Rapture is a haven of creepy hallways, chilling music and lots of jump moments (hint: not all those bodies lying around are actually dead). Do the game justice and use the proper brightness setting for maximum effect, and if you don't have surround sound, be prepared for some tricky moments as you try to figure out where that noise is coming from.One of the twists of the game is the Little Sisters. As you hunt them down for Adam to advance your skills, you can choose to harm them or heal them. Predictably this ends up varying the final ending of the story and while neither choice is technically 'wrong', there's the obviousness of the 'good' choice versus the 'evil' choice. You can choose to go half and half, but if you ultimately want the cuddly feel-good ending then you of course gotta commit to being a saint for the whole game. The drawback to being good is of course, by saving the Little Sisters you harvest less Adam. In games as in real life, being nice gets you less physical rewards but hey you get that awesome fuzzy feeling. That's worth it... right?
Ignore the bugs and you'll have a good time. Sometimes it can be a bit frustrating, but overall I found this game quite enjoyable. Controlling your hits and swings to conserve stamina and your weapons longevity is really interesting.It takes some getting used to that there's no AI director spawning random zombies (I've been spoilt by L4D) so you will get the same undead experience in co-op or solo - co-op simply makes it more fun and of course killing zombies gets a little easier. I recommend co-op for the experience, but at the same time it can be annoying if you want to level a certain character but can't get all of your co-op friends online. However there is an open mode where you can play with strangers if you're game enough to gamble.Yes the jump animations are silly beyond belief, but this is part of the charm when playing co-op. Ultimately you're in it to have fun, so when physics has a moment and sends zombies flying into walls, or fallen limbs duplicate, it may remove you from the game but it's still hilarious when it happens. It's the kind of game you can reminisce about later, guaranteed to give you funny stories.It's definitely got a lot of hours of playability with the story, side quests and various collectables. The islands areas are huge and there's certain places you can go, like the Quarantine Zone in the city, that offer tougher challenges and larger waves of infected. Once you reach the jungle, you can even find a cabin with Jason, a machete-wielding maniac wo can be a tough fight depending on your level and what weapon mods you've got equipped (but come on, we all know the shock mods are the best).I'd say if you're in two minds about this game, watch some playthroughs on YouTube or borrow a friend's copy to try before you buy. Me, I think it's fun.
