When I decied to play this before the 2nd game I wasn't sure if this would be worth it, But I found out quickly that I was very wrong, The first game is just as stunning and amazing as the 2nd one, The setting is beautiful and levels interesting, Puzzles are simple most of the time but getting exp pots and finding chests is the real difficulty in this game. It makes you want to explore every inch of the level to make sure you didn't miss a single thing and I love that. This game has to be one of my favorite games I've played and I can't wait to finish it and continue playing Trine 2. :)
Plague Inc: Evolved is probably the first game that has made me actually fear for my safety, It-'s also the first game that allows me to destroy humanity with diseases like -LolCatz- and -Weed- which I had named myself for a small laugh.While the game is in Early Access it seems to be mostly done with only a few things missing such as multiplayer and the tutorial but that doesn-'t stop it from being a good game with what it has.The game is in Early Access and is based off the popular smartphone app with the same name and well yes you could play that for $2 but you wouldn-'t have as many Features;Achievements (there-'s a ton of them) or Visuals since the game looks great on PC. The App is however a good means as to see how the game works, (Game explanation) Basicly you select a type of disease all of which work differently, You then select a starting country to infect your first victim and as your virus spreads/infects;kills ect you gain points which you can then spend to gain upgrades which do a viraty of things from allowing it to infect certain animals to making it more resistant to heat or cold which can effect the outcome and reaction of the world greatly. Your first time playing will probably come as a quick defeat as you learn which upgrades are best at what time in your diseases development and I would love to go into detail about my strategy but this is a review not a guide. :DSo is the game worth the $14.99 price tag in it-'s current state? The answer is Probably not unless you-'re a big fan of the smartphone game or a fan of these types of games, The problem with the game in my opinion is that most of the diseases feel the same, They do all have differences but most are so small you barely feel a difference between them which can cause the game to get boring fast. The Zombie and Mindworm Diseases which are new feel very well done providing a fresh new experence due to their completely different upgrades and playstyle from the rest of the diseases and if other diseases were to follow suit and get a redesign to make them all unique from each other I would be much more willing to recommend this game for its price.While I can-'t fully recommend the game for the price right now I can only hope the game will grow to be worth $14.99 because it is a good game it just needs a little more grabbing power to keep people coming back for more, and although I-'m not quite sure how multiplayer will work it could just be the thing to do it. Thanks for reading!
A great adventure/puzzle/platformer for a cheap price, Although I did like the first one more this is still a great game.
Although it is a beautiful and stunning game there were a few things which ruined the experence for me.1) It was hard to figure out what I was supposed to do or where i was supposted to go sometimes.2) Lack of choices, I wanted to decide where I went, I can chose how I get there but not where I get to.3) Stealth is pretty much non-existant.4) The police, This is the main reason I didn-'t like this game, I loved taking my time to look around and explore but the police forced me to continue, In some levels you have to run through a room of police without any clue of where your going which was frustrating.5) Combat sucks, I hated how combat worked and in some levels it was required and -boss- fightsIf you can get past all these things then you will deffinetly enjoy the game,It is cheap and interesting.
In it's current Early Access state it isn't enjoyible for me I was hoping it would be more like Quake live's Instagib CTF which it isn't. I tried to play my first game after doing the Tutorial, Me and my team couldn't do anything against the other team everytime they scored a goal someone else on their team would have the ball again within seconds. shooting people is hopeless, moving around is a pain and I didn't have a clue what I was supposed to do during an actual game even after I had finished the tutoral. Just a frustrating experence overall. On a good note the game graphicly looks nice and is cheap, But that won't get me to buy it.
Cheap fun game worth alot of hours.
