this is the best game ever
when you cannot even enter a server than you know its bad, when the game looks like it was thrown together for an extra buck then were lucky its a free to play.but lets enlighten you all by instead giving you somthing worth doing.... creating a chocolate cakeIngredients Nutrition 1 1/3 cups (200g) plain flour 2 tablespoons cocoa 1 teaspoon baking powder 1/2 teaspoon bicarbonate of soda 200g good-quality dark chocolate, chopped 225g unsalted butter, softened, chopped 1 cup (220g) caster sugar 1 teaspoon vanilla extract 4 eggs 1/2 cup (125ml) milk Chocolate ganache icing and chocolate curls, to decorate Select all ingredientsAdd to my Shopping ListShop Ingredients Now[?]Looks like your closest store is Coles Gateway, 6164. Change locationUnsalted Butter Pat 250g$0.80 per 100g$2eaPrice ring Every day logoLarge Free Range Eggs 12 pack 600g$0.70 per 100g$420ea Price ring Every day logoMethod Related Recipes NotesStep 1Preheat the oven to 160C. Grease and line a 24cm round springform cake pan.Step 2Sift the flour, cocoa, baking powder and bicarbonate of soda into a bowl. Set aside.Step 3Melt the chocolate in a heatproof bowl set over a pan of barely simmering water (don't let bowl touch water). Cool slightly.Step 4Beat butter and sugar with an electric mixer until light and fluffy. With beaters on medium speed, add vanilla, then add eggs, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition. Pour in cooled chocolate and beat until well combined. Beat in a third of sifted ingredients, followed by a third of the milk. Repeat until all ingredients are incorporated, beating until smooth.Step 5Pour mixture into the pan and bake for 45-55 minutes until risen and a skewer inserted in the centre comes out clean. Cool in the pan on a rack for 10 minutes, then invert onto rack to cool completely.Step 6To serve, spread the icing over the top and sides of the cake using a hot palette knife, then decorate with chocolate curls.Step 7To make chocolate ganache: Melt 150g chopped good-quality dark chocolate with 125ml pure cream and 20g unsalted butter in a heatproof bowl set over a pan of simmering water (don't let the bowl touch the water). Stir until well combined, then set aside for 30 minutes to cool and thicken before use.Step 8To make chocolate curls: Using a palette knife, spread melted chocolate 2-3mm thick on a hard clean surface such as a glass chopping board or marble slab that you can move. Stand at room temperature until almost set. Shave curls using a peeler or palette knife, pulling towards you at an angle. If the chocolate breaks, it is set too hard - leave in a warm place until more pliable. To make small curls, simply run a peeler along the side of a block of chocolate.Find recipes that make the most of seasonal produce in our spring collection. You may also enjoy our picnic and salad collections.ENJOY!!!!
like the matrix
i love this game for all that it has but the one thing that i feel is disapointing is no air vehicles. i would love to fly a millitary chopper with my buddies and zipline down onto a unsuspecting victim or have a anicipating dog fight. adding this would hold new oppunities for multiple  aircraft to be introduced like the blackhawk, millitary jet, and the almighty 747.plz add this it would make everything better!!
im a little unhappy that when i 1st played this game(and it still does it )that it contantly lags ,i like the game itself, but not the lad *-*
was a really good game should also get Chivalry deadliest warrior
