Me 2010: 'Haha this is cute SEGA-'s trying to outdo Mario kart.-Me 2013: '...Son of a ♥♥♥♥♥, you actually did it.-
-Rescue fast-Pop badniks fast-Look at the past fast-Dem graphics fast-Get rings fast-Go super sonic fast-Jump fast-Side mission fast-Get Robotnik fast-Kill monsters fast-It's no use fast-I'll use your chaos control fast-... fast-Go slow fast-Buy skills fast-Use boost fast-Spindash fast-Beat the zones fast-Drown fast-Open your heart fast-Skydive fast-Mod fast-Powerup fast-Use rockets fast-Satisfactory pop vibration fast-Live and learn fast-1up fast-Go from 3d to 2d fast-Celebrate 20 years fast-Play as Classic Sonic fast-GO FAST
Look at ALL OF THESE MAPSLook at THESE CLASSESCheck out all these HEROESWow! SPACE BATTLES!This SINGLE PLAYER CAMPAIGN is awesome!GALACTIC CONQUEST? What a great idea!$9.99? What a GREAT PRICEGOOD BUSINESS MODEL? Incredible!THE CLONE WARS? That-'s a really interesting era with really interesting maps!These VARIED GAME MODES are all adding something to the game!-Gee, I hope that Battlefront 3 improves on this if it comes out!--Lickidactyl, ~2012(p.s. you can download mods that re-intergrate the online play so yeah)
Worth playing for the final (non-bonus) level alone.
If there isn-'t a Yang quote that-'s basically -(insert character name here)! Gimme a hand!- the game will be ruined forever. As it is so far, it-'s really fun to play alone and also with friends.
God I love Metal Gear Solid
Soon as I got the dragons tooth, stealth was more dead to me than that guy I just killed.
A great looking game with a promising start. I was looking forward to DKIII, but this will be the sequel DKII never had. I am aware that it is still very much a work in progress, but even at -fastest- setting the game will be unplayably laggy due to the large amount of things it has to load and animate at any given time (maybe convert offscreen models into sprites?).
Wow! Look at all of the FREE DLC! Look at how much of it there is compared to the QUALITY PAID STUFF! HINT, F***ING HINT OVERKILL
This game is pretty awesome. It's challenging enough to not bore you to death, and the varied level design is welcomed. The multiplayer component is also very fun (especially on the tornado levels). The only nitpicks that I really have with the game are its fairly short length and graphics (then again, no one really judges how good a game is solely based off its graphics).7/10
