I payed a mere $1.99 whilst it was on sale, what a steal.I would be very happy to pay full price for this masterpiece, everything about it was sublime. The not so subtle TV show references when breaking a memento, the world design, the game mechanics...  I'm not going to comment on the story that was told as I don't wish to potentially spoil anything, suffice it to say it will make you cry MANLY tears. The soundtrack is one of the few soundtracks I have even thought of purchasing in my lifetime; it was beautiful.I've played this through once, and I certainly will be again. Not to mention the DLC is free! This is without a shadow of a doubt one of the most well executed games I have played and will every play. Hats off to Freebird Games for giving us this piece of art. I'll be giving A Bird Story a go and if it's even half as good as this was I'll be over the moon *unintentional pun I swear*I cannot recommend this enough, buy it and steam share your library to your friends if they do not wish to purchase it; it's a must play.10/10
Pros:> Awesome game.> 75% off or full price, this is well worth the cost.Cons:> Few annoying bugs> No Achievements 8/10
 Review  Pros   Unlike most logic puzzles Hexcells puzzles maintain actual difficulty levels and continually present challenges without ever involving guessing to arrive at a solved puzzle. Albeit in saying this I've found some Custom Puzzles so difficult I almost disregard logic and brute force a solution... Whilst the number of levels is limited to an extent (Each Chapter contains 6 Stages, ergo 36 levels/stages total). Hexcells has a Random Puzzle Generator function aswell as the ability to access Custom Puzzles of which are obtainable from  Hexcells Subreddit . Cons  Generated Level(s) complexity, from all the puzzles I've attempted to solve using this function/feature have all been relatively simple to solve. I believe the developer mentioned the complexity bottleneck is a consequence of the AI solver he uses to check whether a problem is solveable. However this is almost a non-issue as a result of the Custom Level Subreddit, there are some very difficult puzzles on there and there is such a large quantity of puzzles already in existence and that will be; you'll be more than occupied for hundreds of hours before you even contemplate using the Random Generate Function. Conclusion This along with the other two Hexcells games are well worth the pick-up @ their respective price points. Theoretically infinite playability as you'd be able to play Randomly Generated Levels and or Custom Levels obtained from the Subreddit as aforementioned. Rating: 8.5/10 
> Be playing MyGM. > DRose gets injured, out 2-4 weeks*3 Weeks Later*> DRose requests training intensity to be upped> I decline for fear he will be injured*2 Days Later*> mfw -Derrick Rose is out for 2-4 weeks-
You can yell at a cop, and as such make him forget his training and orders. And now he’ll rob the bank by your side.Repetitive yet never boring game 
 Review  Pros   Free Thousands of hours of gameplay A great way to procrastinate Cons  The cheapest way to get carpal tunnel syndrome and or  The cheapest way to get repetitive strain injury Conclusion This game is free, and never seems to end. If you're looking for a pointless way to use your time like myself then Clicker Heroes is ready to claim those hours. Rating: 9/10 
Easily the worst 0.49-0.99 cents you will spend in your lifetime.Albeit in saying this, the pop-ups and friendzone simulator made it all worthwhile.10/10 would meme again.
 Review  Pros   Theoretically Infinte Playtime Makes for an awesome screensaver Awesome Background Music Cons  You have to live with yourself knowing you payed $1 for this Conclusion I found this, I bought this, I'm playing this; I will never understand why. Rating: 9/10 
 Pros  Price Point, this game is incredibly cheap priced @ $2.99 and (at the time of this review) is on sale for $0.89. Gameplay, one of the few puzzle games one can call 'relaxing'. Achievements, 90% of people bought this game for the achievements... Cons  I really wish I had atleast one, but this game is perfect... Rating: 10/10 
