WOW...A game that makes you think is the best game of all, and that is exactly what Krillbite Studio did when they Brought this game to the table. For me, this game seemed like an experiment, a way to make people think about how something that we see as insignificant in our everyday life can be percieved as a subject of philosophical debate. Cutting all of that sophisticated sounding stuff out, just wow. I started playing the game and noticed that you only had 2 options in the menu, Start and Exit... No Options, No Credits, Not even a Help button, Just Start and Exit. The game doesn't give you instructions and it doesn't hint at places, It just simply asks whether you want to play or not. Now for people who don't really understand how texts can hold hidden meanings, (i.e. People who haven't been bored out of there life listening to shakespeare in High School or haven't figured it out already), this might seem like a 5 minute game where they put extreme details into the animations of a fly. But for the rest of the population... just wow...I highly recommend this for those who have about 120mb on their pc's and just a few minutes to spare, let this game stimulate those thinking parts in your normally lazy brain and participate in an experiment that just makes you go wow
An interesting game for both casual and hardcore gamers, inducing the strategic side of your brain. Civilisation V is the type of game that one plays when they have a few hours to spare, each session lasting between 5-10 hours, sometimes even 20. Although this may seem quite daunting to those who haven't experienced the joy of defeating barbarians that have ravaged your land and taken your workers for over 1000 years, the game is captivating enough to make time fly, literally ingame and out, as in 1 turn is 100 years, get it... Bad jokes aside, the game is designed brilliantly, containing beautiful graphics, allowing players to view the board in a 3d or strategic way. When you first load up the screen and you see buttons and words on all 4 sides of the display, don't be discouraged by this, I will admit that for a board game, it has far more mechanics then one would normally expect, including things such as technology trees, policies, productions, settling, etc. the list could go on forever! But these rules and ideas can be picked up pretty quickly, seeing as how you will be playing it for many hours, and this allows for another aspect of the game, Discovery. You will find that initially the map will seem quite small, sometimes even wondering 'How are we gonna spead out and conquer the world with this minute amount of land'. But as you start building troops and scouts and boats, you quickly realize how small your city is compared to the land that awaits you, granted the map size and pace of the game can all be changed in the game settings. The multiplayer mode can also be one of the most ridiculous (in a good way) way of finding out the true nature of your friends, whether it be through them starting a war with you, forming an alliance, plotting with you to backstack some other poor friend that you both think might win the game. The multiplayer mode, I have found, becomes a better tutorial than the tutorial that the game has to offer, allowing you to learn faster with a person that know the rules and can interact with you as opposed to the AI that pops up messages every so often that tells you the obvious. Caution: If you're playing this at night with some friends over voice chat, remember to close your door as you will find yourself shouting and yelling. Why? well you'll have to play to find out...Overall, this game will not disappoint you, introducing new mechanics and ideas every step of the way, straining and developing your brain as you panic over losing money and resources, essentially plonking you in a position of a world leader and seeing how far you can make your civilastion survive. I recommend this game to everyone of all ages, if they're looking for a relaxed way to spend their day, but if your looking for fast action, FPS, bloodsplattery goodness, you might want to try something else.
