If you want a good example of what this game can let you do, you just need to watch Robbaz's KSP videos on Youtube (may contain coarse language). For those who don't wanna go watch 'em, you can see the amount of flexibility this game provides you (especially with mods) so that you can spread Kerbals (dead or alive) across the solar system. The Kerbals have hilariously animated faces, and are fun to control (and strand on planets - assuming you can get off of Earth). I'm focussing on the Kerbals primarily because they're what drive this game. I mean, it'd be a great game without them, don't get me wrong. But these simple, green skinned, big eyed characters that can't tell if they're grinning or screaming half the time make this more than just a space program simulator.It's about making cool vehicles and putting these guys in it, and watching their facial expressions. It's about having the same guy successfully survive 10 missions then die in a horrible accident coz his new coworker (controlled by you) crashed a SSTO plane into the space station. It's about the time you were missing a seat in your spacecraft so you put someone in the cargo bay, and after a fiery crash landing back down on earth, only *that* guy survives. It's about awkwardly being reunited with a previously dead Kerbal whom you're just about to send on a mission into the sun.
Well, it-'s been a while since I-'ve played a CoD game; and World at War was the last Treyarch CoD game I played. This one however, I feel, could be the pinnacle of the series - but I-'m a sucker for Near-Future (but not Tom Clancy near-future, that-'s too close to present for my imagination at times).At the moment, it is fairest that I stick to multiplayer, as that-'s what I-'ve had the most experience with, although the campaign looks good, although it-'s definitely reliant on spectacle. This is only a thinking man-'s game if you make it that way: don-'t expect to have your mind opened to the Akashic realm, but instead expect your eyes to be burnt from their sockets from the action and badassery.So, back to multiplayer, where this review should stay. The format is the same as usual, no surprises here. There are some changes though to the formula and metagame aspects though that freshen things up and make it a far more inviting experience than previous iterations of the series. In-game-wise, the art direction and setting are intriguing, creating a familiar world full of strange new things. This provide stimulus to the player, so that the game isn-'t just -'memorise map > check corners and shoot-'. When things do inevitably fall into that cycle though, when one-'s -in the zone- so to speak, the actual aiming, shooting, and panic-firing of rockets into things 5 feet away is tighter than ever.So far, if you have been abstaining from CoD games since, say, MW2 or similar, this is a good spot to jump back in if you-'re pining for a polished version of the same basic game, but with completely new assets, environments, and ambience.A final word though on price: I can-'t recommend this game at the Steam store price - sorry Activision. For people in other countries, you might be confused (if you-'re lucky). To explain, this game costs $89.99 on Steam at the moment in Australia. For comparison, for about $10-15 extra I could use all that money to get two brand new PS3 games. While prices are rising again for new games, with the introduction of next generation games (don-'t expect consumers to follow this though), $89.99 for a now last-iteration PC game is a bit of a joke, and Activision are pricing themselves out of the market, however decent I think the game is.Luckily, elsewhere, and accessible for Australian buyers, the game can be found at much more affordable prices, like the $20-30 range. So I can recommend the game, but unfortunately not with Steams current Australian price.
Barebones at the moment (but it's like, what, Alpha, Beta?), but from the small bits of MP I've played, it's quite fun. Nothing beats walking down a dark corridor with no lighting whatsoever, then turning on your flashlight, and then finding that your opponent was actually 3cm away from you (we both just about ♥♥♥♥ our pants). It will be interesting to see how the game develops - the base, as it stands, works quite well (although my laptop's only just able to play it I suspect).I recommend watching it.
'Mazin'. Simply 'mazin'.Honestly, it might take a while to load coz of how much stuff is in it, but damn, the presentation is top-notch. Just make sure you've got a good computer!
