CS: GO! This game is not for all people. The community is so-so, weapon balancing is a large issue, only certain maps are decent with the rest underpopulated or terrible, and it has a monopoly surrounding what your guns look like in-game, with no redeeming value outside of -My gun looks cool, look at it, LOOK AT IT, aren-'t I cool?-. But I really don-'t give a ♥♥♥♥ about any of that stuff because the game is amazing. Infinite replayabilty online with intense competitive modes, fun community maps to have fun with, and a great -casual- mode to let you get some practise in. Basically this game is a -First-person shooty bang-bang kill bad/good guys within time limit or boom- kind of game with a learning curve. To be good you must....1:Learn the Maps and all callouts (yes I said callouts)........2: Learn how the guns work (spray patterns, magazine sizes, varied damage decrease over distance, where to shoot a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, pull out time, reload time, etc the list goes on).......3:Communication! learn to talk with your teamates or you are basically useless (if you do not have a headset and mic DO NOT BUY THIS GAME).........4: And a whole lot of other stuff that I dont want to list because it would take too long and im lazy. But you don-'t just need to learn it yourself, thousands upon thousands of people post tutorials every week about the game (I would personally recommend Warowl) through youtube and other media sites. Watch a pro game or two, the competitive side of CS:GO can be viewed as a learning experiance as well as entertainment. This game is great, but you need to commit if you want to get better. Recommended if you like tough Fps (NOT LIKE COD). 8/10
If I could describe this game in two words, it would be beautiful, and sad. The game basically revolves around you, the Badger mother, trying to keep your kin alive. You harvest food, sneak around (There are birds that hunt you, and yes, they are frieghtening), and explore. The game sets a tone of bright and innocent in earlier levels, and becomes dark and depressing in later stages. I personally fell in love with the kin and really, REALLY, wanted them all to survive. But, this objective was diminished in one level where it seemed impossible to get through without one of the small badgers dying (leaving only a peep noise). This made me very angry as it seemed like a design choice, ruining my experiance. But maybe this is the devs teaching us something....You can't always have what you want, your heart WILL be broken and sometimes there is nothing you can do about it. Maybe im thinking about it too much. I did cry (like a little ♥♥♥♥♥) when I first finished the game and was a little disappointed about the ending (see previous points). But overall this game was a great experiance and I highly recommend it to everyone!!! 8.5/10
Makes other physics based games like Portal look like piles of ♥♥♥♥
This game has a HUGE learning curve, if you want to enjoy this game you will have to practice a lot. But once you get past this learning curve the game gets infinitely more fun, it's especially fun when you play in a party with friends (communication is key in this game). There are dozens of awesome experiances you will have with Dota 2 if you put the time and effort into it. There are also heaps of guides and help that you can use from the game or the internet to get you started. Please try this game!
