i love this game but its so small. i beat campain in less than 2 hours. the mechanics show for hours of fun and the humor,character design and lore all make it great content but its lacking so much in sise i feel it could do so much more. there are a few other mini campains a emphasis on MINI they are like 20 minutes.also it is designed for multiplayer but players cant see theyre ping other players names even also mic will turn on automatically when you are making any noise such as sneezing or coughing sadly this cant be turned off so thats a pain.i love the game (played it by myself) probably allot better with people i know but what i think should happen is defined by five wordsPlayer Made Steam Workshop Levels.Make this happen! so my overall currently8/10 (would make it 9 if had more content BTW no DLC)
If you like mortal kombat ,stick figures ,kung-fu ,reflex testing ,replayable ,cheap games. this is probably the best choice. its very replayable has some special moves as in PUNCHING OUT SOMES HEART, tests reflexes, uses kung fu AND is only 5 US dollars. the fact that the people are stick figures makes this more fun for me is because i like stick figures i mean have you seen my profile picture? anyway one of my favourite features is that you fight 90 people by yourself using .. A LIGHTSABER. with LEFT CLICK AND RIGHT CLICK ONLY! button mashing isnt allowed you will miss and be open to attack when you button mash skill is nessasary to win this game no matter what. my only downside i think is that the options are TERRIBLE! would you like music & voice off or on? or how about we change the sise of your game window would you like small, medium, large or fullscreen? my final result 9/10would give the extra point if you could also have a slider for sounds and a resolution option.
I had my account reset but after my reset ive found that it is farly easy to unlock what i had previously because you get roughly 2000 points for your first match and then its around 100 per game and points are used to spend on weapons and one of my guns cost around 10,000 probably less but still thats a high up goal but with the daily prise it should be pretty easy to achieve and the game is now Free to play.OVERALL : 8/10
Fairly Good Game still falls into the mmo 5 main mission trap so its not very fun but you do have fun watching your very own super hero get items and super powers
Im not sure why barely anyone likes this game i mean its a great game just not so good without anyone else to play it with perhaps one of my freinds can posibbly get this or a current freind who has it asks me to play with him so i can acctualy have some fun with it
