Oh boy, where to start...If you want a short version of this review I'll just say this; 11/10 Would 100% complete again.Now here's the long version.Ori and the Blind Forest is a platformer which has a slight tendency to incorporate puzzles, requiring you to put your skills to the test and combine all of your unlocked abilities to get every single collectable. These puzzles aren't neccessarily hard, but you're certainly going to have to remember every single one of your abilities to 100% this game.The music is just brilliant, I've never desperately wanted to buy a game JUST for it's soundtrack. The music in the trailer is just fantastic, and as soon as you hear it, you'll be cracking into a smile in no time. The transitions between music is also really smooth, as all the music seems to run at a similar tempo (except for a select few tracks) so the transitions seem to be just substituting some instruments with other instruments, instead of loading screens with the track changing as the game loads.The graphics are just as beautiful, with almost everything interacting with Ori when you run by them. I once jumped by some vines, only to see them sway with Ori as I flew through the air. Everything is very detailed, as you can see little bats hanging on the ceiling in caves, water flowing in the background, iindicidual rocks, and even a strange creature appearing in the foreground. Any hazard is very well detailed, and you'll really only run into them if you're simply not paying attention.The gameplay is also really good. While this game seems to be one of those games that you should only play with a controller, the keyboard and mouse work just as good, if not better! This is a game I certainly recommend picking up some time. I don't care when you buy it, what system you buy it on, just buy it at some point in your life span.Oh, one thing I should mention. If you plan on getting this game, but just so happen to have a not-so-powerful PC, or don't have an XBOX One or XBOX 360 on hand, this game will definitely slow down for you. My PC is a pretty low-end one, so the game's video runs slower to keep a consistent framerate. (I actually really like that idea) This becomes ESPECIALLY apparent in the cutscenes, as the music will play faster than the video itself. There are some sweet spots that will run smoothly for you, and some areas that'll make your FPS drop from 30-40 to 10-20 just by walking into the area. Basically, if you have a low-end computer, and no XBOX, but still want to play this game, the game'll run for you, but it won't run at a fast speed, so make sure that other graphic-heavy games such as Skyrim run at about 60 FPS without breaking a sweat. As a general guideline for whether the game runs well for you, if the game is running over 45 FPS, you're pretty much set. (Steam has an in-game FPS counter if you want to use that) Apart from that tiny setback, the game is definitely worth the purchase. I hope Moon Studios produces more content that are equal to, or are better, than Ori and the Blind Forest.
Oh my god, this game is SO MUCH FUN!!! Left 4 Dead 2 is a game focused around teamwork, and boy does it take this seriously. The population of the United States has fallen under seige of the -Green Flu,- an influensa that turns people into zombies, or if you want to be specific, the Infected, or Whiskey Deltas if you-'re in the military. You have to protect yourself and your friends in every campaign, whether that be Dead Center or No Mercy, you MUST work together to survive. There are Special Infected, mutations of he regular Common Infected, to keep you on your toes, such as Smokers, Jockeys, Spitters, Boomers and the dreaded Tanks and Witches. Then there are the workshop items, which are awesome. If you don-'t have this then what are you waiting for?! BUY THIS GAME!!!!
TL;DR: Mechanics and late-game equipment are good and well-done, early-game is incredibly difficult and the community is quite literally AIDS...Beginning in Rust is very difficult by yourself, even playing with friends is difficult. You spawn with a rock and a torch, and you have to get wood and stone to create tools like hatchets and pickaxes, then you need cloth to make a sleeping bag for a spawn point, or to get your friends into the same area as you, and hope to find that one person who's willing to lend a hand. In Rust, morals don't exist. Everyone will try to kill you for the stupidest of reasons. Mining an ore node someone was nowhere near? Guess what, you died! That guy wants that ore node for himself and he's not gonna let you and your naked body take it!But let's assume you got past all that, you built a base and have your materials in chests, all neat and tidy. You have an airlock for your house which is locked with armoured doors, which makes it all the more difficult for raiders to get in. You find other people who are willing to help you progress with your little game, and everything seems pretty nice. Everyone is still out for your blood, even the people you trusted. You may or may not come back to find yourself dead, because disconnected players don't disappear, oh no, your character goes to sleep, leaving you out in the open for someone to just walk by, somehow get into your house and then take everything you own. Death is inevitable, like in all games, but it happens way too often here. The wolves and bears don't kill you, people do. People who have no liking for anyone else, and don't care how recently they spawned. People who are going to claim to be friendly, then blast your face full of bullets. People who just want to annoy the everliving crap out of you, just because they can.If you're into the community more than the game mechanics (doubtful) then this is something to steer well clear of. If you're into mechanics and willing to lose your soul/morals to the game, go right ahead. It's not my $20 anyway...
Until they patch out the R8 Revolver, don't even bother.EDIT: Patched, buy it like your life depends on it.
Gone to crap... don't waste your money...
MY GOD, THIS GAME IS AWSM! Like it says, you can create anything, even make videos, but what i think is the best about this, is the multiplayer (anyone who knows me knows i love multiplayer on all those games that feature multiplayer BUT I'M SERIOUS THIS TIME), no matter which server you choose (australian one's best for me) you'll meet tons of people who just want to create, laugh and have fun. i got this so i could play with my friends, but the multiplayer takes the cake, i'm giving this 10,000/10. (and did i mention the workshop stuff, GET THIS GAME)
I'm going to quote the Grinch on this.BRILLIANT!
