Awesomenauts. A great game. At first, the game is under estimated and is said to be -Child-'s Game- but when you actually get into the game it is very addicting. This 2D M.O.B.A has great graphics, great animations, excellent voiced characters and the gameplay is great. I could have never guessed that this simple game got so addicting and competetive. It-'s great for laughs, competetions and casual gaming. However, the skins for each character cost a lot of money even on sale. One character skin could be around $5.00 which is overpriced. There should also be an option where you can kick players who are feeding the other team because some players are feeders for the other team and sometimes some people just dont know what teamwork is. Overall this game is phenomenol and i absolutely love this game :DRating: 9/10 Chop2014
A great game that requires you to drain mummy's creddit card dry to win.
Pros:-Fun and interesting-Arcadelike legends of zelda-Developed questline-Free to playCons:-P2W (Pay to win)-Grinding-Updates are just ♥♥♥♥♥♥ reskins -Lacks major updates-Somethings are dodgy-Legends Of Zelda rip off7.5/10
Ok so firstly, if you are here for TF2 items then do not buy this game. The money isnt worth the TF2 items and when you buy the game it takes forever to get the items. Secondly, if you are looking for fun, look somewhere else, this game has low graphics and boring characters. Poker can be played on the internet for free.When you are aiming to get TF2 items in this game, you need to play poker for hours and hours and you must win in order to obtain the items. In this game, you must play poker and beat the other 4 players in order to win. There are 5 players in total: Yourself, Max, Strong Bad, The Heavy and Tycho. In order to win items you must keep playing games until you encounter someone coughing up some gear but you need to defeat that player and if anyone else defeats the player you lose the item. The items take forever to encounter and you have a low chance of winning the item. It take several hours or maybe even days to obtain them all. I have encountered items before but never received them.This game is not recommended unless you have fine skills at poker and you are desperate for these items. It is an absolute waste of money if you are trying to get the items. 4/10Chop2014
This game had so much potential on the day it was created with alot of fanbased projects. It really got the community going when it was first released and this game had a lot of potential. Trove is basically World Of Warcraft and Minecraft. The concept of MMORPG grinding is still there and there is the block building, breaking and making idea implemented in the game as well. Trove started to become a game loved by the community and Trion decided to add in more Pay To Win options in every single update. This is very true and Trion will probably never change it. After you zoom in to about 50 hours of the game, a few hundred dollars can change you from early game to late game. Their ingame purchase benefits are crazy and a few dollars spent makes up for a few days of grinding. Major in game benefits and boosts such as -Patron- (Which is like membership) costs IRL money and increases bonus stats by a crazy amount. However, Trove has -tried- to conceal the fact that they are money hungry beasts and added in a feature where each day has a different bonuses so free to play players can grind. This bonus doubled and increased if you have Patron, making Patron an extremely game changing thing. However, although Pay to Win is a major problem, free to play players can still thrive if you have hundreds of hours to burn monthly... To get to about mid game, Trion is only asking you to grind your soul out. It really isn-'t much of a big deal. (Note the sarcasm) Once you get to about mid game, you make very little progress daily even if you play a lot. Tge new level update to make the maximum level from 20 to 30 is so grindy. Now all the pay to win problems have been covered, I can now talk about the gaming bits of the game. As i said before, this game has the basic concepts of a fun MMORPG with dungeons and raids to do. This game doesnt really require much teamwork but farming in big groups would be ideal and easier. The hardest raids can be soloed sometimes and there are hardly any boss mechanics. A game like World of Warcraft or RIFT has raids and dungeons that requires strategic battle plans such as tanking, healing, pulling, aggro, dps, kiting, timing and positioning. Although tanking is required in the game and dps is as well, it doesnt really feel as exciting as an actual Raid or dungeon where you feel like you have contributed to the DPS charts. A carry can easily be invited into your raid and they can just one hit the bosses extremely quickly. After the tutorial of the game, there are hardly any more quests to complete which makes it boring becuase all you do in the game is Shadow Tower (Raids) and Dungeons. Adding in questing would really make the game alot stronger than it is and it really needs to be for a Pay To Win Game. Adding a questline would put more excitement and make the game more interesting. The biggest power rank booster in the game are gems, which at a certain point of the game is extremely hard to get in lots of amounts. To progress onto the worlds, you either sell your soul to the demon or spend $30. Trion really needs to rethink about how the game will be updated. The amount of hours you will spend grinding on this game will become unbelievable if you want to proceed to the end game stages and levels. Don-'t touch this game and want to goto end game in a few months unless you-'re allowed to drain mum-'s credit card.When i say it like this, i-'m not even joking, just play this for fun. It-'s meant to be fun for the first 100 hours. 
I played this game of the net about 4 years ago and it was an early access game. It was by far, probably the most high graphic MOBA (Dota 2 came out 2013) So i played a bit and it was awesome! Gameplay, mission, PVP, PVE. Mech, Upgrades, Perks and alot of other content made this game fabulous! But the game is still in BETA? No idea... Anyway here is my review:Airmech is a MOBA/RTS game that requires some strategy and your airmech to win the game.The Objective is to kill the robotic mobs, tanks, humvees etc.. and get enough XP to level, then destroying turrets, barracks and towers to get to the main base and destroy it. It is a bit like League Of Legends where you have to destroy the turrets and blow up the Nexus. Once you lose or win, you get a certain amount of XP and Credits depending on how many PVP Kills/BOT Kills/Mob Kills/Tower Kills. You can then use those credits to buy more airmech types, perks, upgrades etc... With a paid currency (That can be earnt through out F2P) you can buy skins for your airmech. This gamemode applies to PVP and a little bit of PVE as well. Different types of spawnable units can also be purchased through the shop. You can also complete missions to finish achievements, gain XP and gain credits as well. Simply, this game is a great MOBA/RTS on transforming robots, blowing up mobs, PVP/PVE and P2W. It is F2P but as long as you have the $$$ to spend you get to unlock Mechas faster, buy xp boosts and get exclusive upgrades. Another negative point is that it is still in Early Access mode? It has been 4 years since BETA version was here.The game developers say:What the developers have to say:“Play for free, keep your stuff! No resets at the end of Beta!All purchases and unlocks are permanent. We call it Beta because we-'re still adding some pretty big features, but so far we have:- Training and Solo play - for learning how to play, or casual fun- Coop and PvP Matchmaking - quickly get matched against others- Custom games and rules - when you want total control- Player driven economy - didn-'t need that drop? Sell it to other players!- Quests with ingame rewards - like Achievements, but better- Leveling, progression, unlocks - level yourself, your AirMechs, expand your army- NOT -pay2win- at all - check our reviews or ask players ingame- Global chat, Factions, parties - integrated directly into the core UI- Crafting system - added due to player demands- VIP/Premium for LIFE with any purchase - because we-'re cool like thatBut we have no idea when BETA will end and we can-'t keep this companies word for what they say sometimes since they have not always full filled the updates they have made in the past 4 years.8.5/10Tadlicated2015
