It's just fun to name your disease something stupid then kill off the world.It's also rather frightening if a disease you created shares remarkable similarities to real world plagues., including symptoms and countries of transmission.Gameplay wise, it's basically collecting DNA points and strategically choosing what to upgrade, where to start infecting and how much of a priority your gonna place on stopping the cure from being developed. The world is divided into areas, not just countries, each with their own specific traits which will either hinder or help spread your plague, so choosing which area to start infecting is quite important. After killing the world, you unlock a gene, which you can use for one of three gene slots to get a slight advantage the next time you infect the world.The main scenarios and main plagues, if aiming to get mega brutal and all genes, will take around 3-6 hours, but custom scenarios and multiplayer should boost the game length.Multiplayer for me is rather empty at the moment, though with future sales I'm fairly certain this issue will get resolved.Get this during a Steam Sale if you feel the above content isnt enough for the store price, but intrigues you nonetheless.
The original Postal 2 [Monday to Friday] is great, with open world exploration, graphics so outdated this game can run on a potato [Love it] and plenty of weapons and of people to try em on. As the trailer says, this game is only as violent as you are. So you can get wait in line for your confession at the church and walk away [or run] quietly when stereotypical fanatical islamists invade. Or you can say screw it, chop off everyone head's off with an axe, set the priest on fire, and mow down hordes of angry terrorists. Same with buying milk.      And of course, you can urinate on everything.The game only saves when you enter a new area though, so be prepared when you die and respawn right at the start of a tough slog through a redneck lair cus you forgot to save manually. Objectives can be completed in any order and at your own pace. Feel free to sidetrack and rob the bank.However, the added 2 days, Acopolyspe weekend, is rather an insult to the open world, explore at your own pace style of postal 2. With an extremely linear story, no maps or open world, and angry hordes of soldiers, terrorists, zombies or eco fanatics  to wade through. In a nutshell, you walk along a linear hallway, shooting and slogging your way through hallucinations, poor lighting, bad story, and a kick ♥♥♥ ending movie/trailer. Which you can just type open movieoutro in the console on friday when you completed all your tasks. Doing this will unlock enhanced gamemode. :DIn short, even though an old game, worth seriously considering buying . If you want to try out acopolypse weekend, just play through the hospital level. You will see why i advice you to just type open movieoutro for a quick ending.
A mediocre game at best. Brainbread 2 is a HL mod where you gun down zeds and bandits in objective mode, arena mode or story mode. Easily earn XP by damaging zeds,winning rounds or completing objectives,so as to unlock skills which improve your ability to send the undead back to their graves. However, it suffers from severe issues.-Subpar graphics and physics allow this game to run on potatoes,so a pro for some. -Horrible sound design. Guns sound and act like peashooters, gibbing sounds like someone tore a piece of paper, and considering shooting zeds and bandits make up nearly all the game, these 2 flaws are amplified.-Subpar melee weapons: Theres no satisfication to gain from what feels like whacking a stick into a zombie. Blood spurts and the sound of tearing paper are not terribly exciting, also, considering how easily you get damaged swinging a melee at zeds or bandits, at the very least, give melee a one hit kill, especially for the bigger weapons like the fireaxe.-The maps are always too dark. It's not frightening, it's not horror, its just frustrating,  The environment is too dark to make out whether your shooting at a player or a zombie. The flashlight is utter ♥♥♥♥ by the way.-Hit detection works when enemies are frontally charging you [Cannon Fodder Tip No.21], but when they turn, walk sideways towards another player, a huge amount of accuracy is lost, even if your literally sticking an assualt rifle into their sides.-Great progression system, XP can be easily earned by dealing damage and doing objectives, but it is not so quickly earned you can unlock everything in a few days. It feels nice to slowly upgrade your character into an almighty zed slaying god. However, my willingness to grind xp is hampered by how unsatisfying killing zeds and bandits are.-Horrific PVP. Skills are at least taken away, so you aint overpowered. Deathmatch involves running around maps not designed for PVP, picking up powerups, running at high speeds and gunning down/meleeing enemies. However, apart from your starting pistol, you need to search the map for a weapon, while anyone with an assualt rifle or shotgun will mow you down. More open maps with all the murky darkness removed must be implemented for DM for its fast, weapon searching player gibbing gameplay to work.Elimination is also lacking. The moment a human gets to an area with limited entrances and ammo [easily found], they pretty much win the game. One kill is counted as one point, so zombie kills are easily racked up. Zombies however, have an easy start, killing humans who dont camp quickly.
