Aww Man, where do I begin with this AMAZING game!This game has been carefully made by the producers, I mean its so atmospheric and just great! This is perfect for those who are into the survival genre of gaming and its just absolutely mind blowing with its mechanics and everything!  Even if you aren't into the survival type game or are trying to like it, this is a perfect place to start! This game is amazing and its honestly worth all the money. BUY THIS GAMEBUT DON'T GO IN HARDCORE MODE! I liked to go into hardcore mode just for more of a challange. But because of a bug when i entered my escape pod thing holding the Sea Glider i just DIED! LIKE THAT AND LOST ALL MY STUFF FOR I WAS IN HARDCORE MODE! This really annoyed me, and im just here to warn people. This will probably be fixed but still, the chance is there!Thank you Game Devolopers! THANK YOU!
This is one of the best zombie game i have EVER played, plus it's free - what's not to love?
fun.
I'm going to sum this game up in one action.*recommends*There
This is an amazing game. I'm not going to lie when I say there are some great times to be had here - running from wolves, trying to get home when bleeding out, shooting your first wolf; the list goes on. BUTThese game devs have been promising the release of the campaign or story mode for years now, each date being pushed further than the last. I've played 38 hours in this game so i feel i have some pretty good ground to say this:  a sandbox mode can only get you so far.  Maps and less bugs are all I see in each update and my heart sinks a little each time, because I really love this game and all that it can do, but i've grown bored of pointless survival. No doubt you should keep updated with this game and when the story will be released, but for now...If you want just survival, play The Long Dark.If you want just story, play Firewatch If you want both, play Kona 
Better ingredients, Better pizza: Papa JohnsBetter story, Better gameplay: Gunpoint
awesome. Just awesome
I CANNOT LIVE WITHOUT THIS GAME
