This game is deppressing. But i'm sure you already know that, if you're on the store page. But i mean this game is really, REALLY deppressing. You shouldn't play this if you've got a weak mentality. it toys with your emotions like nothing else ever will. a psychological insight into the horror of our human condition. It's dark, it's grim, with shards of hope piercing the abyss just to be snuffed out. It's not a game you'll want to play. but you should play it. The Gameplay is seperated into the day time and the night time. the day time is the calm, you feed your survivors, build tools and manage the shelter. it's simple, but can be challanging in more ways than one.The night time, however, is when the game really kicks into gear. you send one of your survivors out to scavange at a location, to find supplies like crafting materials, food, medicine, etc. Some of these locations are abandoned, but some are occupied. occupied by hostile soldiers or bandits. Occupied by a family just trying to survive. There's one building in particular i'll go into detail on:It's a small suburban house, far away from where the bombardments fell. There are two elder residents living there, with ample food and medicine. you can steal their belongings, so you may live, and they won't stop you. they'll cower and ask that you not harm their respective spouse, whilst all the while begging you to stop and leave them alone. if you come back, they're dead. they starved. Because you killed them. you monster.This is a confronting game. But you should play it.Also, Alchohol is better for depressed people than a psychologist.
This is a realistic shooter. possibly the most realistic shooter on steam. If you enjoy playing games with tactical depth, like Arma for instance, then you'll most likely enjoy this game. Hell, even if you hate realistic shooters, you'll probably enjoy this anyway; it manages to be realistic and fun to play simultaneously. Well, for me at least. Some things you'll need to know about the game if you're interested:There is NO crosshair, none, at any time. You have sights for a reason.two to three bullets will kill you. none of that bulllet sponge business.C-4 and RPGs have a MASSIVE blast radius. You can equip your weapons with different sights, ammo types, lasersights/flashlights, etc.There's Co-op AND Pvp. Mods are always being made, but cannot be used in multiplayer, for balancing reasons.It's easy to learn and control, unlike quite a lot of tactical games.You can still play, and enjoy, the game without getting a squad and planning everything. i've had just as much fun Runnin' and gunnin'I definitely recommend this game to anyone who enjoys teamplay, RPGs that make you ♥♥♥♥ yourself, PTSD from that one time you where trapped behind a piece of concrete whilst a trigger happy insurgent rains lead hell down on you with the fury of a god and the best WW2 mod i've ever played. (It's called Day of Infamy, which is also a standalone now)Also, praise RPGesus! 
