Chivalry is a very fun game, it will provide hours of entertainment. It also has unlockables, this makes the player strive for them and provides more entertainment
I bought this game and nothing happend, it just says Mount & Blade: Warband-Ready to play I can't click on viking conquest its not an option do you have to install it or something?
Transformice is the best game in human exsistence 10/10 m8 This is my life
I cannot tell how good this game is due to it crashing whenever a battle starts... Anyone know what is happening?
I love this game, it never gets old and there is something always new to do, this is because of Rome-'s amazing multiplayer, there is always someone that has different stratergies and makes it more interesting. This game is like Civilisations and other stratergy games in one.This game has two major sides to it:1)The -City Builder-. The city builder view is good for planning and economicly stablizing your nation. From this view you control Taxes,public Happines, Technology and much more2)The -Batle- view. The battle view is definatly got to be why Total War was such a succsusful franchise.This view lets you manually control the battles of your empire and can be used to make decisve wins, it also has a great look with the major graphics upgrade on Total War: RomeIIAltogether I highly recommend this game if you like ancient history, stratergy or city builders this game is for you
Mount & Blade:Warband has to be one of the most entertaining games ive ever played. This has two play modes: the first one is the one you'll be in most of your time while playing, it is like a big world map and you will click to your destination and your party will travel the distance to get there, the second is when you are playing as your costomized charater. In this mode you will be fighting not stratigicly but more up close and personal. But what really made me like this game is that you can do anything you want in it! If you want to be a ruler than you'll have a hire an army and take a settlement for your self, don't want to do that? Than take up arms for a cause you feel is right, join any factions military or become a lord of a ruler and serve him, still don't like that? Be a merchant than, persuade people in too thinking they got the better deal and this game is very well suited for a merchant's needs becasuse each and will have shortages of supplies and will be numerous in different supplies, this means the player could: buy a sack of grain then sell it to someoneelse who dosen't have much grain and will be buying at a higher price, still don't want to be any of the above? then go rouge and become a bandit, raid villiges, plunder trading caravans and robbing people traveling. I have only given you a brief description of this game, there is sooo much more in it and I can't descrip all of it to you, so you'll have to buy it for your self and see if you liked it.
Probably the most best game I have ever played in my life
