An wonderful big campaign.Start off in a city named City 17.Then get an crowbar and smash random soldiers heads.then get a pistol and shoot random soldiers in the head.then an SMG and MACHINE THE HELL OUTTA EVERYTHING!then an 357 magnum, and have the most op weapon.then drive an airboat to an random non-black mesathen get the gravity gun and throw crapthen get sp00ked by zombiesthen go drive a jeep through the coast.then get an bug-bait to control antlionsthen goto nova ''proskept''then after all, reach kleniers lab again and go into the war when the city is half destroyedthen make your way to an citideland last of all blow up an citidel. *spoiler alert*
Meeh... I admit that its small, But a wounderful Episode of Half-Life 2 the Epiodic game.
You have to log in 2 times1. Steam Login2. Game login...
The developers made this game awesome, made it free, What do other developers want more of? Gameplay or Money?This game cares about good gameplayother developers care about the price and money
This game is amazing! You can play with your friends and kill thousands of zombies and kill them all! Do a campiagn together! Zombies : Normal zombies that can kill you, but they arent so strong.Jockey : They jump on your head keep you running to danger.Hunter : These things jump on you and rip your guts to death.Charger : These charge you to a wall and smash you up and down.Spitter : These things spit on your to make you die from acid.Witch : DO NOT GO NEAR THESE, dont put lights on and dont startle them or they will hit you down to the ground in seconds.Tank : These things ARE DAGOROUS! throw a molotov and shoot them! And then they will die!Survivors : These people survive all the way to safe rooms.  These are zombie killing machines.Now to the surviver names. Nick, Rocholle (correct me if i misspplelled it), Coach, Ellis, Louis, Francis, Zoey and Bill.Trust me, This game IS SO AMAZING! Play it! Its SOOO AMIZING! I reccomand it 420/10Yep, 420 BLAZE IT!
''You Monster.'' A scienifitic game trying to work out how to finish a test in a broken place. A game where you have to try your best to finish that test your on and you have your hands in the portal gun shooting walls, A way to survive is place portals to get to the next test chamber and do the next test. A big thing called GLaDOS clearing your ways, Its all broken and it calls you a monster than lets you do test, its hard. She makes it easy for you because she cleans your waySome test are hard, some test are easy. You sometimes get trapped but she helps you. She doesnt get her revenge.Your survival depends on how much portals you place. Get to the next chamber and you make it across level by level. Turrents keep you on one level. Take down the turrent with a cube or something. A goo could be in the test chamber thats going to goo you up. 
An very short Half-Life 2, It doesnt take an hour to complete it. I dont know what else to say xD
Another muliplayer of Half-Life 2, but killing each other, not co-oping. Rebels vs Combine, No zombies, An awesome game!Play it.  (this will go into your inv if you buy HL2 EP 1) If you want, Get it your self! No finising, Never finished! Loads of maps but not much servers. Worth the 5 dollors, This has no, I mean no headcrabs  to jump on your head! Thats fun, But there is rebels and combines! also Anti-Citizens (same thing as Rebels)
Half-Life : Welp, This is way too old at firstHalf-Life : Oppisiting force : MEEEEH! Still too old.Half-Life : Blue Shift : Getting newerr but still... Old.Half-Life 2 : *TAP TAP TAP* Funnest game ever in history.Half-Life 2 Episode 1 : SOOO SHORT!Half-Life 2 Episode 2 : We need Half-Life 2 Episode 3!*a fhew episodes later*Half-Life 2 Episode 637 : *already dead.*
An muliplied version of Half-Life 2You can play the SYN campaign, Not just that, Also you can use Half-Life campaign and Half-Life 2 campiagn with other players. May have a bit of glitches. but yeah. Its awesome. Its free but requires another game. I have went right into this game. Havent played with 10 players, but I have played at the limit of 7 or 6 people. I once did the whole campaign with an whole 6 people team of all of Half-Life 2 and the epiodic game. and Yes I do reccomend this game. Thanks who ever created this game
