So, I hacked some dead bodies. The bodies exploded.
 Story Time. Somewhere in Westeros, Lord Eddard Stark commanded one person to go and check the middle of the battlefield, and two men to check Bombsite A and two men; including himself to check in Bombsite B. Alas, the men had a weird attraction to Bombsite A for some strange reason so they all stormed in Bombsite A rather than check the middle of the battlefield and Bombsite B. This left Lord Eddard Stark uneasy. But prideful and fearless as he was, he stormed to Bombsite B alone. (But crap happens. Just like every single episode in Game Of Thrones) Just like the sound of thunder, enemies approached Bombsite B with full force. Lord Eddard Stark fends for himself and asks for backup. But his cry for help was answered too late. He then lays on the ground and utters his last words, -Why. Why didn-'t you check Bombsite B? You all checked A. Why?-As his men fight for their lives against their foes they were all destroyed by the enemies due to their superior abilities.Then the skies were shrouded with black clouds, thunder bellows and says, -Terrorists Win-.The End.----------------- This game brings tons of memories, good and bad alike.  11/10 would solo B again. Buy this game.  
I actually thought this game would be really overrated(considering it's all over the internet). But I was wrong SO VERY WRONG. For months, this games has collected dust in my library. Then the time came for me to play it,. Then BOOM a TWO Dollar game which I picked up from a sale was actually worth it. A must have for the PC Master Race.
One of the best RPGs I've ever played. Only downside is that your character is mute except on the battlefield.
I played the Situations and I really enjoyed this game. But then me and my mates tried to join a squad. THEN ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥ MAN. ♥♥♥♥ING HELL. ERRORS EVERYWHERE. I HAVEN'T SEEN SO MANY ERRORS SINCE MY PRE CALCULUS PAPER. Look, if you know how to fix ♥♥♥♥, then get this game. It's Amazing. But the servers in Ubisoft seem to be manhandled by a toddler who'd rather eat dirt than do his ♥♥♥♥ing job. TL;DR The gameplay is amazing, the servers are horse ♥♥♥♥.
Got Apple Juice as a quest reward. Aw yiiiiis. I finally understand how this game got GOTY.
Name the number of Superhero games which were actually good...............Batman: Arkham City is one of those games.
Seriously? Looking at the negative feedback? None. Awesome game. Grab your wallet, steal your mom's hard earned money if you have to. This game is the bomb.TL;DRGet your mom's moneyBuy game Very good
Uplay
