Really ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥. Another dumb game with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls like surgeon simulator, a clone with less objective if you will. 10 bucks is a rip off for this heap of steaming ♥♥♥♥. I send help from heavens highest tower if you can find enjoyment in this clunky clone of a product. Would not recommend at all. Luckily i got this in a bundle so i didn't pay full price for this, i would question my mental state if i went and put ten dollars on steam with the sole purpose of buying this. Probably Archery? More like Definitely ♥♥♥♥.
This game.What can i say about it, other then that it is beautiful. Not beautiful in regards to graphics but just the atmosphere of this game is amazing. There is one song that play's on the radio in game and it's just so lovely sounding and catchy. From the 3 or so hour's i've played on and offline, this has been the only song i've heard in the entire game. That being said it does'nt feel repitive at all and it's a nice little theme for the game. Now back to the actual game. In cargo commander you're a buff little guy who activates a magnet which pulls in large cargo crates to your small space shuttle. Once they've made impact you have to go inside and get the precious cargo within and retrieve it back to your base without dying. Along the way there are a couple hazards. Such as rock monsters with little hat's who are gonna try and kill you when they see you, but don't worry, you've got a nailgun to fend them off!  Another major thing geting in your way is the fact that you are in space and to travel between cargo containers you must go into space without any protection, so you can die rather quickly if you aren't fast enough. The game eventually add's more containers as you progress into the galaxy, to add a bit more challenge to it.All up this game is wonderful, if you're into fast speedy action games, this isnt for you. But if you're willing to take it slow and grab some cargo on your lonesome then this is the game for you. 8.5/10 p.s. Here's the wonderful song from the OST http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yMLYvMzaH5Q
Most definitely one of my favorite games on steam. Ronimo has made an excellent side scrolling MOBA with awesomenauts, the variety of characters and upgrade system make this game tons of fun, it's even better with a friend or two. If you have 10 bucks and you're not sure what to buy, this should definitely be at the top of your list. One last thing, this game has an AMAZING soundtrack, so many memorable songs for each naut, and don't even get me started on the theme song, woowee that get's stuck in your head quickly. But srs, 9.5/10
