This game will leave you with a profound sense of zen.Although there is little you can do but observe for the first few minutes, it's still a fully immersive experience. When you're bored, play around with the musical notes and see if you can unlock the different modes. Turn down the graphical settings (to avoid overheating your GPU/CPU) and leave it to run while you're away. You'll be pleasantly surprised at how different your mountain is every time.Well worth the money. I would highly recommend this.
Honestly, I can't see anything wrong with this game.I'd say it's Kindoms of Amalur meets Dark Souls.Similar XP system to DS, fun and complex combat system like Amalur. Decent enough premise, a lot of bosses, a large array of equipment (most of which looks badass).I've not yet had a crash during gameplay like most seem to.I got it on sale, so I dunno if I'd buy it at full-price, but I'd definitely recommend playing it.
I can honestly say I haven't laughed quite as hard as I did when I played this for the first time.This is more or less a 'choose-your-own-adventure' book, however with an incredibly witty and sarcastic narrator.If you plan on playing this, remember one thing: Broom Closet.
This game projects a similar atmosphere to that of Portal 2. Puzzles both simple and complex, a very institution-like environment and an almost complete lack of storyline or context that leaves you wondering at the very end: 'Wait... what?-A brilliant game that is well worth the money.
Although the game is dreadfully short, it introduces an interesting mechanic.While the storyline is a tad forced, it doesn't distract too much from the gameplay. I'd like to see a sequel, or at least some free DLC.
Everything in this game is perfectly executed. From the initially frustrating and unique controls to the playful and well-decorated landscapes. Although there is no actual dialogue, you will always understand exactly what is happening. You will feel everything that you are supposed to feel, and by the end you will be left to pick up the pieces.Everyone should play through this game at least once.
A beautifully painted world with an equally deep storyline.Simplistic mechanics, yet I couldn't stop playing until I was through. A narrator akin to Morgan Freeman with a complimentary soundtrack to match.
Ignore everything you see and hear while playing this game, because your senses will lie to you countless times. I believe Polygon nailed it when they labelled it a -Mobius Trip-.A brilliant game full of simple, yet complex tricks and puzzles that challenge you at every corner while instilling upon you a deep and meaningful rhetoric.I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoyed the puzzles present in the Portal games.
