Let me start off, this game is fantastic.If you are a fan of Strategy Games then you will love this game.If you like to be part of a huge online matchmaking community you will like this game.If you like cannons you will love this game.If you like ragdoll deaths in which you can use cannons and watch people's corpses fly away then you will love this game.If you like the ability to name your city and explorer then you will love this game.If you like the ability to customize your city as it levels up then you will love this game.If you like building your own custom deck of research and shipment cards then you will love this game.If you like good games, you will like this game. 9.5/10
♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI Simualtor 1984 I mean Banished is fun for the first hour or so.Then... the AI's capabilities start to come into play.No matter how well you plan your town eventually all of your Lobotomites will end up starving except for one person who lives by himself who decided it was a good idea to have all of the town's crops for himself. People starve in their homes, doing absolutely nothing about it while the family next to them have enough food for their entires lives. I honestly don't understand why the AI need to only take food from Stockpiles when there is litterally food everywhere as they wander around being unproductive and generally useless.Don't keep the town alert tab up, because you will get Death and starvation messages from a town with enough food for 4 other towns.3.5/10 Not enough water.
After playing this game for over 100 hours I can honestely say this game is GOOD.First off, the Ship combat is extremely fun and makes you feel like a badass. The missions throughout the game require an even combination of Combat Skill and Puzzles which makes you concentrate on the missions instead of mindlessely killing 10 bats or other such reasons.The ground combat is quite good, but not as good as the Ship Combat. Though it's still extremely enjoyable at times and has a huge amount of room for you to find a combat style that fits your skillset.CUSTOMIZATION! This game offers a huge amount of customization for everything about you're character, ship and main crew. It really allows you to create someone unique every single time you play.This game does feature a fair amount of micro transactions, but it's fairly easy to earn the Payer Currency in game through various tasks.The crafting is something I never really got into, and it's been recentely updated and from briefely looking into it seems really in depth and fun.You also don't have to just do the main missions, you can go to the Cardassian Sector and do mining, Fight the Borg and even do PVP along with many, many other side missions offered.My final verdict and rating for this game is 8/10 and I STRONGLY RECOMMEND IT. It's worth a try and it's free so you're not losing anything. If you're a fan of Star Trek and even if you're new to Star Trek then this game is a must have.
Psst...play this game.
This game is really lacking.First off, when you shoot an enemy they start to walk in the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ way. They pretty much glide around and it is impossible to hit them.Secondly, this game's quests are boring and the whole storyline isn't that good. The conversations are relatively interesting but with no voice acting throughout every single paragraph it's as boring as reading a dictionary and I tend to lose interest in what the hell they are saying anyway.And finally, the combat is terrible. The classes are unoriginal and the fact you can note headshot with a laser shooting sniper rifle is stupid, the medic can't take on anyone in a fight so it's hard to even begin to do a story quest. The heavy is way too easy and you only need to hold down the left mouse button and everything dies in front of you. And the mechanic never works well as the enemies always attack behind what you've built no matter how much time you spend carefully setting up your buildings.When I first played this game I thought it was ok. But after playing it on and off for over a year now I can now truly say DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME. It is a complete waste of time and will only cause you anger, frustration and make you waste your time.
