GONE! ITS ALL GOOONE! AAALL OF ITS GONE BYE BYE WOO HOO SEE YA! one minute you're defending the whole galaxy, and SUDDENLY you find yourself spending an entire dollar on some game you thought looked ok,  but turned out to be so BAD the refunding system decided to completely curl over and not let me have my money back, as if they didn't know who was demanding a refund. DON'T THEY GET IT? DO THEY SEE THE HAT? I. AM MRS. NESBITT. gud gaim ign 10/10 wood pleh agin
its pretty good
it gud. sometime it stand up on ih tail an it seh uuuuhhhhhhhhhhhhmn
Holy ♥♥♥♥, probably one of the best horror games on steam. Instead of the typical horror game relying on jumpscares and gore to frighten the player, Cry of Fear whittles you down psychologically to feel TRUE fear, so long as you're properly immersed. Only downside are the graphics, seriously, that's it. This game is near perfection, and if more horror games were as well made as this, then the modern horror games wouldn't be as lousy
its alright
If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.Ingredients:1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double-crust pie Directions:1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing.
why not
how does the steam refunding system work?
this game is an accurate portrayal of the things that bounce around our minds when they're in a dull state. im home
