BetterthanMinecraft/10
- Clicks -PLAY- on Besiege- Begins loading- Finally loads, and seems rather confused- Manages to select a level- Constructs something that looks like a dopey-looking spider- Breaks apart within the first second of using it- Eventually constructs something that actually doesn-'t break within the first second of using it- Drives into a mine and blows up10/10 would do again.
Subnautica is a first-person survival game, where you're basically stranded in the middle of the ocean, and happened to crash from your ship. Your main objective in Subnautica is to survive, and to mostly keep a clear eye for hazards, health, and dehydration if necessary. Subnautica tends to also have water more realistic than any game I've seen in a long time, personally.Every cent I spent on this game was definitely worth the unique experience from this riveting survival game, for sure.
Yes. Another pros and cons list, but here are my honest opinions about Garry's Mod. ( REMINDER: THESE ARE MY PROS AND CONS, NOT YOURS ): Pros: - Unique sandbox experience.- Able to download a series of addons from other games.- Able to construct and destroy almost anything.- Highly addictive gameplay.- Highly available workshop, in which is open to many choices.- Several gamemodes to choose from, via workshop and in-game.- More than enough weapons, ragdolls, NPCs, vehicles, effects, maps, and much more to enjoy playing around with.- Able to make, upload, and send many community creations such as videos, addons, screenshots, duplications made from addons or in-game built objects, and saves. Cons: - Poorly optimised.- Crashes oftenly, depending how many addons you have.- Addons easily conflict with over content.- Chunky/slow loading, again, depending on how many addons you have.- Saves can easily corrupt/screw up, depending if you're on the verge of getting a ton of updates from the workshop due to outdated addons. Is the game worth the money? Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Enough said. :) 
Toribash is a physical martial arts game in which you often require enough skill to solve the most problematic situations throughout the majority of gameplay, like parkour, jumping off and on obstacles, dueling eachother in gamemodes such as judo, singeplayer, multiplayer, and most of all, you can freely adjust any parts of your body to your very own advantage. I can definitely agree that Toribash is a rather complicated game from the beginning, but I guaranteed that you'll most likely be amazed at how far you progress as the weeks, months, and years slip by.
Team Fortress 2 is indeed nothing more than a masterpiece. Most of the time, it-'s a massacre full of fun! From its unique gameplay, containing 9 suitable mercenaries, which are the Scout, Soldier, Pyro, Demoman, Heavy, Engineer, Medic, Sniper and Spy. Now of course, each seperate class plays a different role, making Team Fortress 2 truly one of the most fascinating of all FPS games.Now, yes. Indeed, this is another rant about a whole different aspect of the game. Team Fortress 2 shares relation between trading and gifting. The economy includes items from cool, to insane, which there are A LOT of items to buy and trade from. As from here, players enjoyed the fact that it was something different, and decided to begin the trading campaign. But unfortunately, players continued to some extent that it became an idling hat-generater. Valve had suddenly realised that players liked the concept of the idea, and thought -well, if this gives us enough money to support our game, we-'ll go along with it-. So, basically, it completely flipped Team Fortress 2, well... the other way around, or should I say, upside down. Now all you-'ll see in servers from Valve-created to community-created, are people who spend their own money, and constantly trade out virtual accessories until they can somehow manage to become greater/better than everyone else, or to attempt to look impressive. Whilst Team Fortress 2 is still considerably great, you can still easily compare between now and 4 - 5 previous years, well, let-'s say back in 2010, there wasn-'t even an option, or such thing AS trading in this astonishing first-person shooter.I-'d also like to mention about unlockable weapons. Unlockable weapons were more important back then, but now, weapon drops aren-'t fascinating anymore. They require  very  little effort to buy or sell as they-'re so cheap compared to accessories. In regards to accessories again, now all we see are the -oh so fabulous particle effects-, painted cosmetics and ridiculous stupid over-sized and over-used genre of the same rubbish. Right now and I certainly know it, you-'re most likely thinking to yourself -what is wrong with all of the accessories? There-'s nothing wrong with it, and its been like this for years...- Okay, yes, I understand that trading/microtransactions is pretty much the only reason why Team Fortress 2 is alive right now, but that just makes the matter worse in general. For the people who are curious about the items in general being added in, they-'re pretty much all community-created, and are directly from the workshop, which is obviously why the installation for the game is unnecessarily big because of the amount of accessories they-'ve packed filled it with. Even though the workshop is a good concept within Steam, its situation with Team Fortress 2 is rather different, though. Again, microtransactions. Yes, I understand, Free to Play games will eventually require money in the long run, so we were expecting the -bundle of hats- or -Mann.co store-, really.So in any way, shape or form, I recommend that you give Team Fortress 2 a try and see if you enjoy it. Be sure to play it out with training for awhile like I did. Also try to avoid trading at the moment especially, it-'s not a great way for new players to enjoy the game itself. And I-'m definitely being sincere, 1,600 hours of game time is accuracy. So, in the long run, this game will likely become tiring and over-used, due to players who idle and constantly trade, in which they are willing to somehow look prettier than everyone else.TL;DR: Team Fortress 2 is an amazing and unique game, but ever since Valve decided to introduce the Mann.co store, it nearly ruined the game, all thanks to trading.
