After sinking many hours and time into the hype of the game and the betas leading up to the release I've this game progress and develop extensively. However Ubisoft remains predictable.I am highly experienced with the FPS genre and enjoy playing games that spice up the formula. Rainbow Six Siege delivers this.Rainbow Six Siege can be paralleled to CSGO, however the two games and communities surrounding the game are very different. In my experience CSGO, is slowly being marked as an 'elitist' game only so small mistakes can get you hate in various forms. This alone can ruin an entire match. R6S players have much more respect for mistakes as the game is young and people are constantly learning new tactics and strategies.CSGO's updates include skins and maps, while players have been asking for a better Anti-cheat system. At least with R6S the developers are continuing to tweak, add, remove and fix game mechanics. After the most recent update, players who team kill can be banned. I think it is these types of updates that show the community that the devs acknowledge such issues exist and that they are trying to fix them. Having played the beta, the game has changed substantially and is actually playable. Uplay is crap. However, the in-game rewards, daily challenges and rewards with Uplay are nice but I'd rather stick with Steam. The Uplay interface (at least for me) was not compatible with the Steam overlay, so I had to disable this in order to use their reward system.Their server times aren't amazing but this could be due to the player count.DLC's don't split the player base like BF4's did. Getting the season pass gets you all kinds of awesome benefits (like the new operators don't cost 25000 renown) so that isn't unpassable.Having only recently got the Starter pack, it was definitely worth it. That $15 got me the whole game but now I have to grind renown to unlock all the operators. Luckily bonus renown is generous with daily challenges and every week operators go on sale.For anyone thinking about getting the game, get it. It has a small selection of maps (12), but no 2 rounds will be same unlike CSGO. With the 3 Game modes, 24 Operators and ever changing strategies and tactics being formulated there are endless ways for rounds to play out and countless opportunities to clutch important rounds.Small gripes:Unlike CSGO if you are alt-tabbed there is no way of telling if your game has started (csgo accept button makes a sound even when alt-tabbed). This means after every match I have to change my game to windowed mode. However f11 (for eg) doesn't quickly toggle modes. This wouldn't be an issue if I could use Steam's in-game browser, but wait, I can't, that's right.Recommended for those who enjoy refreshing FPS'sEDIT: Was definately worth selling half my skins, trading away two games and selling a majority of my trading cards to make up $1510/10
No mucking around. Action starts within 10 seconds of pressing start.Action finishes 15 Hours Later.666/10 IGN-Do you recommend this game?-Hell Yeah
Extremely frustrating because i couldn't connect to any server because of a timeout error. For anyone else though who has this error, try uninstalling utorrent (if you have it) and reinstalling unturned. Other than that this game has potential. EDIT: Try playing on ports other than 15444. Worked for me.
