theres a point in every princesses life where they say what the ♥♥♥♥ is wrong with my life why am i playing ♥♥♥♥ing cs go like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
Epic story line, ending makes me cry everytime :')
♥♥♥♥ing trash game full of autistic pieces of ♥♥♥♥ wtf is this ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing rip off i want my ♥♥♥♥ing 2 rec back ♥♥♥♥♥ i report u on outpost have a fun life with no trades u shit♥♥♥♥
Позвольте мне быть честным здесь, вы получите пылали. Вы кормить. Вы будете выглядеть как чертов зануда, а вы кормите. Вы получите лучше. По немного. Тогда вы получите пылали. Вы кормить. Вы достигли 2k? Вы по-прежнему сосать. 3k? Не думаю, что ты ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥о. 4k? Поздравляю, вы можете бить полностью мусорные людей.Полый победа.
10 minutes into this piece of ♥♥♥♥ and i quit ♥♥♥♥ing hell worst ♥♥♥♥ing game ever wtf who even plays this ♥♥♥♥
Grinding void for 10 years, only to end up with Akbronco Prime every time the ♥♥♥♥ing rotation comes around. Eh.
just buy it.
If you're looking for 15 fps, this is your game. Still pretty fun though and lots of boobs.
If you are new to the Borderlands franchise, gtfo and buy BL2. If you have completed BL2, I still don't think this game is worth buying UNLESS it is discounted for 70%+. In my first playthrough, I got less than 15-20 hours with some sidequests, yet in BL2 u get twice as much (but nothing compares to BL2). The gameplay itself feels no different to BL2, despite the new mechanic of the 'Butt-slam' and low-grav. You never really find yourself running out of O2 and the Butt-slam is worthless. You may as well be trying to kill people with Zer0's unforseen if you want to use this mechanic lethally.Pros:-New weapon type (it's exciting until you actually try it and you're like....oh....)-New element-New characters (Claptrap!)-Finally we get the Moon dlc we've always wantedCons:-Short as ♥♥♥♥-Reused models (probably the biggest part of this game after completion besides replaying is hunting down uniques)-None of the new features (low-grav, cryo, lazers) are actually good, they're just enticing-Raid-boss mission after the main story is just the last boss again (laziness)-Barely any areas (although most are pretty big, around Wildlife Exploitation size)-Character to character interactivity is crappy (maybe Claptrap is an exception)I wouldn't recommend buying this game at all unless it was on sale.
