Ignore the Awards this has won Ignore the fact that it is Named DAYZ ignore all of that and we will look at the real problem here. I got this game of release day and was really excited. Me and a mate played it for Hours togerther and on the first day we starved to death on the next day we got fully geared in what you could get on day 2 which wasnt alot really but it was enough. The game then got a big update i guess you can call it that and the game started getting alot more stuff and we were like well this is looking ok But as my mate pointed out this game was already being Pushed back and back in development.So we kept playing a few more updates came still no cars or anything guns came very slowly still Gearing 100% to easy and server jumping was a problem but hey what can you do. Follow a my PC releaving itself of its ability to work i stopped playing DayZ. It took me awhile to return to it but when i returned i found that the Gun pile has increased. Drop rates for each modorate if you knew where to look and ammo ♥♥♥♥ing ammo i swear. If you are god damn luck enough to get the right Gun with the right ammo Often to not you then need a god damn Clip and the game didnt/doesnt have auto reload on empty clip either. Also as iv been wrighting this i realsed i forgot to mention the Zombies at all THEY ARE BUGGED PIECES OF ♥♥♥♥ sometimes unstoppable and they went through walls and floors and were hard to kill.Then we get to last time i played it. It Crashed my New PC And i glitched in to a rock and got stuck in there. I found many guns but never the right ammo and if i did i would be missing the clip because it never drops Still no auto reload. But now we have a truck which iv never seen in the game.Im sad to say i cant recommend this game i had alot of Fun playing with my mate but by yourself you wont find it Fun with all the shoot on site and horrible ammo to guns. Also the ♥♥♥♥ing ammo or gun doesnt tell you what it goes in so you have to guess.Dont Buy this game Pick something else. Iv rejoined the DayZ Mod life. Also im done giving this game a free ride because it s an Alpha So ♥♥♥♥ing what.
I havent played very much yet but i havent found many problems
I Play this for may Hours. Many Many hours through there opener not steam and well it got worse as i played i loved this game Sunk hours of my life in to it but in the end Quit from disappointment the game population has dissappered as well.I could go well in to depth about why im dissapointed but it would be very very long
i got this game 4 days after release for alpha and was amazed with how good it was compared to other ZMMO's on there release dates but that remains the truth the game is great still out doing others that have been out longer although this is just what i think. Here is the problem i faced when sticking with this game and it was a bad thing it was a good thing for a few reasons. Server Wipes Yes i have a problem with Full server wipes of Charaters and Player built things. In total iv built 3 bases and Raided a few none of these are still in the game. If the point of this game was to indeed build a base in the end having it wiped 3 times caused me Pain to see all of that hard work vanish along with all of my charatar Gear ammo Guns and all.As the game is just in alpha and isnt even an Year old Yet it would be expected that the game might not have alot in it. They have added more things to bases building much more. There are a total of 5 guns in the game not all of which are usefull. headshots are not insta kill atleast not with the Handgun. Other G ame items have been placed in the game as well. Once the game fully comes together i fell it will be Great it is worth the buy.10/10 Would be gifted again
This game is great i have already recommend this game to my friends. Altho it does have a few problems that need to be worked out like hero balanace. Some hero's can be downright unstopable but at the same time not very fun to play but that all depends on your style. The game population is rather lacking as well it really needs more players or it wouldnt survive
This game was alot of Fun with a few Downfalls not really game destroying tho.One major problem i faced but pasted was when you are the little guy and you are in any kind of vent or the fact the game is shorter then needed and it would have been better if it was longer and with more featers.But this game has alot of pro's mostly everything you will get hooked in to the story from the get go. I will llikely play it again but at the hardest difficaulty altho i did die a few times from me being a dumbass it wasnt hard.
I started playing this and things seemed to be going ok but i got to the first door after the pad locked one in chapter 1 and the game crashed. Iv read around alittle and alot of other people have this problem the game needs a patch to fix it but it is unlikely it will get one.I have no problems with this game other then not being able to play it past the begining.
