An incredible game with countless hours to offer and things to try. Things are often hard starting out; the learning curve is quite steep and the currency can be difficult to earn. But once you get the hang of things, it's awesome: the massive battles, the tight-knit tactical play, the teamwork...Socially it's the best game experience I've had, though it can be lonely if you don't join up with an outfit. I've met a great many awesome and talented people who are a pleasure to work with. Defeating a force far larger than your own due to squad coordination is hard to beat. Leading is taxing, but rewarding when your men listen and you get the job done.It's not all sunshine and rainbows of course. There are some really bad days when your faction is getting spawn camped left and right, or you consistently get killed every 10 seconds. Faction balance isn't as good as it could be, the monetary prices for everything is quite steep, and optimisation could still use some work.That being said, it's the epic moments, the guys I play with, and the general experience that keep me coming back after over 700 hours (direct client + Steam).
One of the best stealth games I've ever played. The game has a plentiful number of interesting mechanics, such as the light/darkness, grappling hook, wall climbing, terrifying enemies, and so on. These provide an opportunity for a kind of bloodthirsty artwork as you combine all your skills, darting around and picking off enemies one by one.The graphics, whilst nothing jaw-dropping, are well crafted. The character animations are smooth, and the stealth kills can be beautifully brutal.There's only a couple complaints. First, with the controls: they generally work perfectly fine, but occasionally they prove cumbersome and your character will end up doing something entirely other than what you intended. This happens most often in areas where complicated traversal is required. Which brings up the next complaint. There are a few segments which force you to passively avoid enemies. These tend not to be fun, and occur too frequently. Other than that, the game is a blast.
One of the best games I've ever played. Hardly any bad aspects about it.
