A fun, accessible, bite sized -RPG- with a creative concept and a beautiful artstyle. I would say don-'t play for the gameplay, it-'s basically a -'Fisher-Price: Babies first turn based combat system-'. There-'s actually more strategy in trying to not win a battle, as the game makes it extremely easy for you. Instead, play the game for it-'s hilariously written story and enjoyable feel. A great way to blow off some steam.
Fallout 4 is a mixed bag. When I first heard about Fallout 4 coming out I was ecstatic. Every new trailer and press release brought me so much joy. I waited for quite some time for it to come out, and when it did I was glued to it. The intro to the game was amazing; incredibly detailed, lots of beautiful assets where made ( many of which were only used in this intro) and the robot even says your name, how fun. The proceeding 10 or so hours are quite fun and engaging, as most Bethesda games are. It's heavily scripted, you meet lots of new characters and it's a good challenge. You get intoduced to crafting settlements, which can be a nice distraction from the main game but it is by no means nessesary in a game like this. It's a mechanic that's thinly veiled as a fun new feature but it's obvious that Bethesda wanted to tap into the niche Minecraft 'craft anything you want' market.Eventually the game decides it's done chaperoning and you will find that you can make your own choices about how you play the game. I found that this lack of direction or urgency made me fairly slow. I just kind of walked around, looking at things, for over 200 hours. And believe me, when you play for 200 hours the shine wears off. You notice the many imperfections in the game. I grew sort of cynical, I resented my companions for their terrible ai, grew impatient at having to wait for computers to open doors and everything just kind of became a blur.Don't even get me started on the ending. No spoiler warnings but you can definetly tell that the developers only spent time of the things you'd see at E3. Not a lot of thought or time was put into the things that you actually work for, and it's a pretty big letdown, I'm not going to lie.I suppose because I'm such a big fan of the franchise, and because I can look past certain discrepancies, I was able to endure the 200+ hours of gameplay and 100% the achievments. But should a game be endured? Shoudln't I be having fun all the way through? Well to do that, the developers would have needed a lot more time.In conclusion, I would compare Fallout 4 to a 20 ounce steak; the menu made it look so appetising, and the first few bites are delicious, but as you keep going you begin to realise that there isn't going to much change of flavour, and you've got 17 ounces to go. In the end you sit there, exhausted, wondering if it was worth the effort.TL;DR ~ read the first line
>Need to find my daugher Ciri>The only person who might know where she is is my friend Dandelion>Dandelion is in prison >Only guy who can free him is this Witch Hunter guy>Need someone to impersonate him>Know of a shape-shifter but he's in hiding>Bard suggests we put on play designed to lure him out>Write play>Play needs to be publicised >Go find street performers>Street performers are in hiding>Kill thugs after street performers >Performers advertise play>Play is a success>Lure shape shifter>Dandelion finally freed>Says he doesn't know where Ciri isWitcher 3
If you've got a spare 300 hours to burn, than yeah, it's pretty good.
Psychonauts was fun, until it took 20 hours to finish. I wasn't expecting this game to go for so long, it kind of outstayed it's welcome. But apart from that it was pretty great fun, lots of veriety and fun gameplay. 7/10
I kinda thought there would be more to it than what it was, I mean I beat it in one sitting, no more than 3 hours to get every ending. On the other hand you can play minecraft in it so it's something...
This is the GTA with the best story, map, customisation and songs, plus, you play as a black guy, which makes you X10 cooler.
You don't have to even know what you're going to do, and yet you still find somthing fun.
