This is a very fun DLC pack. Aussie's (such as me) finally have a V8 Supercar to use on the Bathurst and that sound of the rotary in the MX-5 is brilliant! *Brap, brap, brap!* Worth the money I'd say.
 The game that gave me endless fun years ago. I've played this since 2011 (Gmod 12) but I don't play it as much anymore but I have to say, for someone my age back then, this game was such a blast and I couldn't stop playing it. I remember booting up singleplayer and then downloading stuff off the Toybox seeing what people have created and uploaded including myself uploading a save of a VW Golf and a Nissan 350z and reading comments; Anyway, then I'd download mods off https://garrysmods.org/ and I'd have to figure out how to install them as a 11-12 year old who was new to installing things haha. I'd even mention this game to friends at school and show my friends if they were over. Also I made an abundance of friends playing this game online. Many laughs and tears. :') I've met lots of great people through it. Looking back at my screenshots off my old computer is always giving me nostalgia of the fun I had.This game gave me lots of joy and I can't thank it enough. And it still does when I load it back up and give it a go nowadays. This game has improved in many ways. I really do recommend this game. It is great fun and you can do whatever you like with it! :) Thanks for reading!  Here is the first video I ever made of the game back in 2011 (currently unlisted and due to old YouTube channel) - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4yAJG1HhU2g 
 Short and simple review Just completed this game and I actually had a good time with it in a nutshell even though it is short. Story (no spoilers) -The  story  was enjoyable but short and the character Delilah (who you talk to) is good fun to talk to and has a nice sense of humour including the character you play as. You are able to choose what you'd like to say or you don't even have to say anything, you can leave it and come off as rude. Talking about being rude, I managed to ♥♥♥♥ her off one time so it is possible although I don't know if it just happens as part of the story. Graphics and design  -The  graphics/art design  are stunning and the environment looks beautiful. The  animations  are nice and fluid as well. (Equipment and character animations) At times I'd get FPS drops especially with the last portion of the game. I was running it in 1080p, V-Sync, ultra settings on a GTX 680. I'm sure V-Sync was the issue there though. (Never tested the FPS)As someone who likes taking pictures of nature from time to time it really made it more enjoyable especially (due to the environment) with the camera you pick up later on in the game. You actually are able to keep those photos via sending it to your email; once you complete the game in the menu it'll say 'photos'. Tip for you guys! Sound design, music and voice acting -The  voice  acting is very good which made the experience great too! The  sound  quality is top notch too in my opinion. Personally I liked the choice of music too. In conclusion, I had a great time playing this even if it was short but I'm not sure about the price tag. I picked it up for $18USD due to the 10% off on launch at this current time but I think it should be $10-15 but I'm happy with what it's at. If it was $30 or more I'd say it wasn't worth it really.  So to wrap this up, I'll give this an 8/10. Would recommend. 
