Very enjoyable game! Escpecially since it is free. It includes great, intense gameplay, mixed with excellent gun and player customisation. Haven't really come across too many bugs, which is awesome. I'd recommend this game if you enjoy tactical team based shooters, and whats there to loose? It's free!!
Heard a lot about this game and have been waiting for a sale.This game is well worth the sale money if you're looking for a realistic, tactical shooter. Gameplay is excellent, sounds are great, only negative I can see are the graphics, but it's decent for source engine.
Just started playing the game, and I'm loving it so far. Graphics aren't the best...but I really enjoy the gameplay. If you're into zombie survival genres, I would definitely recommend this (especially when its on sale).There are a few negative things about the game though - Firstly some of the animations look pretty bad (including sliding down ladders, combat) and the controls take a little getting used to. But overall, it's different to other zombie games - having to look after and care for a survivng community, and driving from place to place stocking up on supplies. I'd give it a 8/10
So far, I have had a heap of fun with this game, and it is also extremely creepy. One minute you are setting up your shelter, the next you are fighting for your survival against tribal mutants. Yes there are a few bugs, but it's early access. The most annoying one however is that after you save your game, a lot of your loot disappears, apart from that they are only minor. I'd definitely recommend getting this game, it's fun, it's cheap and the price will most likely be risen later on :)
Great gam, full of action and fun! Better doing it with people you know
So far, very enjoyable game. Different from other MMO's, but not in a bad way. Gameplay is pretty fun (from what I've played so far) and it's free!Downside is probably the graphics, they look a bit..err.. but still, don't judge a game on its graphics.I'd give it a 8.5/10
At first you look at the graphics and think -Yuck, looks like Minecraft-. It does look like it, but trust me, it is very fun to play!
