Half-Life 2 is an amazing game.Half-Life 2's level design is really good and does a good job at letting you be in a confined space but not letting you feel trapped. It feels authentic in a sense that, if you're in a specific level, you're trapped by actual walls or solid and visible objects; as opposed to invisible objects. Some would think that it might have invisible walls with a futuristic touch, like blue lines going through it, since it is a Sci-Fi game.Half-Life 2 also does an excellent job and making you feel scared. There is one level, Ravenholm, it is absolutely filled with zombies, it is a very dark and eerie level. I remember, the entire time I was playing through it, I was extremely terrified, but had to power through. It was hard.Half-Life 2's combat is pretty spot on, almost no errors anywhere with hitboxes being fine and no noticeable or game-breaking bugs. The game also has a variety of weapons.Half-Life 2 lets you drive 2 vehicles in the game, one of which is a Jeep, it is a very fast land-vehicle. It is mildly difficult to control while at high speeds, which isn't a bad thing, it's to be expected. The Airboat is a fast land and water vehicle which is noticeably difficult to control, at almost any time. The game has a good sue of vehicles in specific levels.Half-Life 2's soundtrack and sounds do sound very modern. The soundtrack is extremely good, and chooses what to play at specific times, but even so, the music it does actually play is very good. Even now, while writing this review, I am listening to part of the soundtrack, Triage at Dawn, it is called. A very, very nice part of the soundtrack. The sounds, even crowbarring a toilet or a wall, do sound very real.The game, I should talk about, doesn't, for me, at least, do an excellent job at keeping you hooked, it took me a while in between play-sessions to get back into it. But I very recently finished it.This all makes out to be a very pleasant gaming experience, and it is highly recommended as a game.91/100
This game is the best game you could ever get. It WILL be the best $10 you ever spent. It has so many fun and interesting game modes that'll keep you hooked for hundreds of hours. I have 1,575 hours, currently. Get it. Nao. ;3
