StarForge is a game with big ambitions but offers little fun whatsoever. It is true that people buying star forge should consider the fact it is in alpha but that being said, the game itself is barely in a playable state. The world-'s are dull and lifeless, lacking any sort of explorability past the opening area despite the game advertising -procedural voxel terrain-. The game is set on the premise of a survival game in which enemies come in waves. This sounds pretty standard in theory and seems like an easy basis for a game but StarForge manages to get it all wrong. The waves are slow and tedious, the enemies lack variety and any sort of intelligent A.I and the weapons are dreadful. I have never played a game with gun mechanics as bad as StarForge, they-'re just dreadful.The enemies have basic animations which don-'t show when it is actually in a state of death so you are often left shooting the enemy for prolonged periods of time as the fact is, the enemies animations don-'t show life even when it should be living. You control horrendously in StarForge. Moving, one of the simplest of tasks, is made hard by sluggish movement and bad mouse control. The saturation of motion blur is almost sickening and the lack of any choice to turn it off just makes it even worst. StarForge however does one thing interesting with the movement which is in the form of ragdoll-esque falling. It can provide some laughs as you fly into objects and spaz the hell out when falling but is anything but a good gameplay feature and more of a humerous addition. The games building is a clunky system which like most of the games systems works great in theory but fails to pratically work.  The simple idea of cube-based building is ruined by the games approach to the building system as well as a lack of world modification which seems like something the game needed from the start. StarForge makes a lot of promises and doesn-'t deliver on any of them to the point where writing this review felt more like a winge as I could not think of one thing I liked about the game. One can only hope that in future updates the game gains some sort of solidity but the fact of the matter is that StarForge isn-'t playable by any stretch of the imagination and a lot of work will need to be put in to give it-'s buyers a reason to enjoy it.
