Many nights have I enjoyed creating my army of infinite stalkers and going for an all out assult at the enemy, only problem was that once I got there, the game could not handle the amount of commands I threw at it and kicked the bucket. Brilliantly executed, and endlessly fun, this game not only utilises the extensive Half-Life universe but expands on in as well. The only downside is the lag or crashes due to overpopulation, but that is probably due the the source engine not designed for the rts genre. In all a great game for a megalomaniac with a temp for micromanagement. Keep up the good work devs.
They Screwed up, big time. A great concept at first but completely poorly handeled. The membership system is akin to bribary in the Armed forced, i.e. quick promotions. The game offers huge battles alright, but they are like mindless, headless chickens running around. It all devolves to a gigantic clusterf*** of tanks and other vehicle. Oh and if you think air support will help you better ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ hope that the aircraft are flow by experts since newbs will be shot down faster than a cheetah in a bullet train straped to a rocket. As a new player you will DIE, CONSTANTLY, since you have no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ idea where anything is, and who is shooting at who. The facilities feel half ♥♥♥♥♥ as they only contain generic buildings that are copy and pasted all over the map. and cover goes from all over the god damn place to virtually nonexistant. I hope you have a supercomputer and instantaious internet because if you do not, you are stuffed, you will die due to frameskip and lag. weapons require real money to buy and is more expensive than a real life gun. And you can get it with ingame currency, but it will feel like it takes forever. If you can handle all the annying things in this game, then it will be worth it, as there are genuinely fun moments in this game, like doing air drops into enemy bases, or ambushing a enemy convoy. All in all the game could be great, but the paying aspect of it feels broken and it breaks the game, balance could be done much better and more tactical facilities instead of open plains great for zerging, makes this game a pain to play.
Effective at being a ♥♥♥♥ when it tells you not to be one.Guess it doesn't want you to steal its job.
This is my life now
Learnt Japanese faster than on Rosetta Stone警備員/10
The game is a well done, and although I found it to be a bit lacking in the troop content department when compared to the original (Sherman Calliope, plz bring back), however the gameplay still feels fresh and just as ridiculous as the original.-ProsFight for mother RussiaMore factions to play as, with a unique take on their troops and abilitiesCommanders give abilities instead of the old tree mechanic (con if you're nostalgic)Game progression feels smoothNew troop abilities bring interesting choices to battles (Brits hurling grenades out of tanks = LOLZ)Workshop support is great for moddingCustom skins and textures looks great, Relic or workshopCampaign not bad, fun and takes enough skill to not feel too lacklusterWeapon racks mean all infantry can have LMG or AT-ConsNo more mobile bases for brits :CSome units only available with commanders (some mods get rid of this)Oberkommando West bit OP late game (looking at you konigstiger)side and rear armour still a bit too protective, so flanking is not as strong of a tactic as it could be (realism mods fix this)only 3 other commanders for brits, US and OKW, need moreWaiting for huge mods like Europe At War, for the original COH (this con may not exist over time)A lot of microtransactions if you want all the commanders and skins by RelicOverall a very enjoyable game for RTS lovers, with mods it is very fun.
30 minutes of full on explosmic ♥♥♥♥♥♥s, 0 sense made Michael Bay/10 Would 80's Action clusterf**k again.
Whiskey Passing Simulator 2014 10/10Would Pass Whiskey Again
