A child scammed me out of my gold.10/10
At first it gets really hard, but don't worry. As you progress through the game, you'll get used to it and it will only occasionally get hard.
Oh hey, Plutia is in this game.*Purchases*
>Buys game>Installs and plays game>Realises can't run 3D cutscenes>Cries in a corner>Proceeds to buy all DLC10/10
The best bag throwing simulator one can get.
This game is more broken than Payday 2 DLCs. It's ♥♥♥♥♥ier than TF2's FPS. At least with TF2, I can get past the ♥♥♥♥ING TITLESCREEN.EDIT: WE DID IT BOYS, I MADE IT PAST THE TITLE SCREENEDIT 2: After playing for a while now that it works, I still can't recommend buying it. Aside from the fact that it's locked at 30 fps, it's boring compared to the other grindy, non-spinoff versions of the game. So far.Well, if you're a die hard Neptunia fan, then I guess buying it wouldn't be so bad. Who knows, maybe my opinion will change.
*Take this review with a grain of salt*Before I go through this review, please note that this game is not for everyone. Alright, let's begin.StoryThe story was somewhat predictable, yet still good. It revolves around the main protagonist (Neptune), who has lost her memory and slowly brings the main cast together who at first hate each other, but later on become friends. They then band together to fight an evil person thretening to destroy the world. Relatively cliche.One thing you'll pick up straightaway is the reference to other games and anime. Oh god the references. Also there's fanservice. GameplayThe gameplay, in my opinion was solid. You don't need to excessively grind, so long as you know what you're doing and not avoid every monster. Strategic placement of your characters is a necessity for victory in the later stages. Great thing is, exp is shared with your entire party. For example, if you gain 5000 exp from a battle, EVERYONE gets 5000 exp, unlike some games which only give the most based on who does what. This significantly speeds up the levelling process. There is also the remake system which I'll go into further detail after.Remake systemAlright, so basically when this game got remade from the original, they changed the storyline up a little and added this new feature called the REMAKE SYSTEM. Basicaly, what it allows you to do is add new dungeons, enemies for those dungeons, you can change the item pick ups, make new accessories and just create a load of stuff. Great addition to add variety to the game.New Game+One important feature of this game is NEW GAME+. Once you've finished the game, you can redo the game again and go for a second cycle. This is necessary to get all the added CPU candidates which you can create via the remake system. The good thing is, all your credits, experience, levels and items get rolled over, so you cna go for the achievements that you may have missed in the first run. The bad thing is that enemies dont get stronger at all, so if you're a high enough level, you have no challenge at all (aside from the colosseum).DLCPlease note that DLC is not necessary to get all achievements, so its not a forced buy.The DLC allows you to unlock 3 new characters:-Histiore-Peachy-PlutiaAnd the additional packs give you 300 levels per pack and added dungeons and colosseum battles, so you can go back and have more fun.All in all, you get 3 characters, 900 additional levels and new dungeons if you decide to purchase every DLC.So to sum upIf you're an anime fan, like loli protagonists and have some money to throw at a screen, this is the game for you. As far as I'm concerned, it's worth the money and time that I invested in it and I don't regret one bit of it.Pros:+Remake system+No endless grinding+Lots of characters+Good variety+Good gameplay+Fanservice+Nice variety of personalities+Good parodies+Great soundtrackCons:-Story lacks twists and can be cliche at times-Character voices can sometimes be irritating to listen to-Hard boss fights if you dont grind levels at early stages-Difficulty curve on some parts are too extreme9.5/10Once again, it is not for everyone, but I highly recommend this game. Also, this is much better than the original so don't bother trying the original and go straight for the remake.
It's ok.
