yeh
This game is Probably the most intense and Overwhelming experince of my life. From Start to finish this game is Engaging, the story is incredibly deep and spiritual and is really immersive. THe game makes u love the characters, all of em. The first 15 mins will make u cry with sad emotion and WHen u see the little girl that u smuggle she is like ur daughter but more Immersive and YOU! the main Protagonist will love her by the end and The COmbat is Incredibly immersive and deep and u will get ur socks Rocked right off with immersion, naughty dog really hit a home run on this Immersive Horror that will effect ur mind in ways u never in knew. It was like Jesus himself Made this immersive game and he looked at u just as it finished and Winked with a thumbs up and then some. Ps. this game is probably the most intense and Overwhelming experience of my life. from start to finish this game is engaging, the story is incredibly deep and spiritual and is really immersive. the game makes u love the characters. Oh waut i already said that sorry.10/10 would Replace my daughter again in this immersive Masterpiece that will get u immersed in a world That u never knew could be so close to reality and so far at the same time thats how immersive this Game is. The game has an incredibly Rich and immersive soundtrack and world and character roster and uj will love it. This game is as if Chuck lee himself came down from heaven and made it its truly a game that u must play and i believe u will get so immersed that u will forget to feed ur cat (daughter) and the game is soo cool and great that YOU! the protagonist of this immersive game will indeed be Blowin away. My favorite part of this game is when The little girl reminded me that she is not my daughter and im all like -Youre right, ur not my daughter and i shore as hell aint your dad and we a partin ways. And then Just before u leave her u hear screaaaaming and ur like whaaat and u go back to her room and she killed a guy and he was a black guy and ur like why do that for? and shes like -Im not a fan of the fresh prince- and ur like -Ur not even a fan ur a woMAN!- thats the twist *Spoiler alert*. If i were to rate this game out of 5 it would probably be Oh and that other moment when Ur fighting the zombies and they are all scary cause if they get to clolse ur dunzo but u dont give up because just behind is the little girl that reminds u of ur daughter just after she reminds u that shes not. ANd she tells u that ur selfish because shes lost people to in this pOst apocyluptic world and ur character is like -UR TREADING ON SOME MIGHTY THIN ICE HERE!- and she pushes u and says -IM NOT UR DAUGHTER IM JUST A GIRL! and ur like -Ur right ur not my daughter and i shore as hell aind youre dad. and then some. I also Love the dramatic moments like when ur in a buidling being chased by people and u kill them and the helicopter destroys the building and u jump to the other one and that girl that dies in the start *Spoiler alert* is like -Ur gonna miss this ♥♥♥- and YOU! the Protagonist is like -what ♥♥♥, u aint got one white trash- and then some. 101 dalmations outa of 5 would play again. PREPARE TO DIE EDITION and by that i mean prepare to be immersed by this Rich Enviornment set in WUshu times.
i liek et
