NOTE: This copy was given to me by the developer for review purposes, this however does not change the review in anyway.OverviewHuman: Fall Flat is an amusing and puzzling game, with character physics, you could compare to -'Gang Beasts-'. The aim is to try and escape a floating island, by finding the exit door, but don-'t try cheat by fall off the edge, as that will get you back where you started!QualityGraphics | The graphics implemented in the game are geometrically exquisite, with each having its own specific theme, and objects to match the theme.Audio | Human: Fall Flat features a range of peaceful, instrumental music, allowing you to think while trying to find a solution to the problems at hand.Gameplay | Human: Fall Flat is exceptionally well made. I personally love the concept of how the developers added some humour to the game, even though it-'s a puzzle game (which aren-'t usually made with a silly factor in mind) they decided to add in a -act dead- move, which I found to have absolutely no use in the game! XD But it was good to see that the developers added it anyways, for recording and other things you see you tubers put on their channels, who knows how creative someone might be with it! :)Pros & ConsPros:• Split Screen | The game allows you to play local split screen, which allows you complete levels with a friend, making it more enjoyable, and also makes the game easier as some levels are hard without a helping hand.• Customisation | The game allows you to paint your own character instead of giving you presets or one single character preset to stick with, this allows you to customise Bob towards your own liking.• Tutorials | The game gives these little remotes out during the game that help you if you get stuck on a certain part, and give you tips and tricks that will help you throughout the game.• Multiple Ways | The game allows multiple ways for the problem to be solved, and you aren-'t just forced onto a specific path.• Simple Controls | The game controls are simple to learn and not that long to get used to, making fun and easy gameplay.Cons:• Bugs | On very rare a occasions, I have ran into a certain bug, when starting up the game, and during the part where you fall through the trapdoor, the man decides to hold on, and the only way to fix was to restart, but it continues to happen like every now and then. ConclusionHuman: Fall Flat is a great game, for a price of $15 dollars it seems to live up to its worth, but there-'s still a lot of potential left for the game, like introducing a storyline or some sort of online play. Hopefully the game updates over time, with more levels, high difficulty as they come!9/10 For more recommendations by LL-'s Game Giveaways and Reviews on quality indie games or ones with high potential follow our group curations here! 
NOTE: This copy was given to me by the developer for review purposes, this however does not change the review in anyway.OverviewThe Withering is an early access apocalyptic, survival game placed in the modern age. The game combines both strategy and skill by having both a -Camp Management- mode and a 3rd person mode.QualityGraphics - The graphics in The Withering are of mid-quality, you can see when traveling in-game that it could be polished a bit more. Also the menu buttons could be done better to match the beautiful background, we-'re not playing in 2006 people!Sound - The soundtrack the developers chose for this game was a great match for the game, it helps the use the scare and creepiness in the game. They have included a few soundtracks just so that people would not get too bored.Gameplay - The gameplay in The Withering is pretty confusing at first, but after playing around with it a bit it you get used to it. Also when playing in 3p mode the controls used to attack and to jump are a bit weird for those coming from popular FPS games such as myself.Pros & ConsPros:- Interesting and Unique Concept- Nicely made menu background- Scary Music- Different Looking And Types of ZombiesCons:- Menu Buttons a bit out of date- Graphics Unpolished- No Cards (Not needed)- Tutorial is not in depth and doesn-'t really explain how to do things but rather what to do.ConclusionTo finish off this review, The Withering is an awesome apocalyptic game with a lot of potential, especially for such a cheap price, but still has a lot to work on. I-'d recommend this game to people who like both action and strategy. Can-'t wait for the game to be fully released!7/10^^My rating (will change if they make a difference in future updates.) For more recommendations by LL-'s Game Giveaways and Reviews on quality indie games or ones with high potential follow our group curations here! 
NOTE: This copy was given to me by the developer for review purposes, this however does not change the review in anyway.OverviewFortified is a fun, defensive and strategic game which is based in the 1950s. The story is that Martians come to Earth, with people thinking they came in peace, until the Martians attack a year later. This causes the American Army to gather a team of heroes to fight them off.  You-'re mission is to choose one of the heroes to fight off the Martian scum, utilising that heroe-'s personal weapons, buildings and abilities. Beware though, level progress is saved to the hero that completed those levels and that it can-'t be transferred to other heroes.QualityGraphics - The graphics in Fortified are exquisite and of top quality for an indie game. The game combines both a 2D and 3D version of the characters and background by using a comic strip for the story and the 3D mode for the game. Audio - The Soundtrack and sounds add some intensity to the game by having songs with a creepy tone and feel to it. It will help the game get on your nerves when playing on that high on level in intensity difficulty. Gameplay - The game itself is very smooth. I-'m personally impressed with the fact they had a -shift to run- button, making it easier to get from side to side on bigger maps with more Martian spawn points and rockets to protect. I-'m also happy with the type of heroes that are available and they are all unique in a way. They could probably do some more development on the story as it is not too clear and they could add some more info on who the heroes are.Pros & ConsPros:•-tComical Art Style | The way they used the comic strip type of art for the storyline was very nice and really did resemble an old comic from the 1950s. This gives more of a feel that the developers really put time into this game and thought about all the details.•-tMusic | The music in the game adds to the nerve of the game as said before, this is a good thing. They have a few different tracks that tradition into each other making sure it isn-'t too repetitive.•-tGameplay and Price | For a price of $14.99 this game packs quite a punch! The game lasts around 4-6 hours, maybe even a few more with the multiplayer and achievements.•-tAchievements and Cards | There are quite a few achievements to unlock, which is a great compared to most indie games, which usually come with 5 achievements or less. The game also comes with cards so that you can get some cash back for the game, or so you can make the awesome badge!Cons:•-tFriendly AI | There is currently no availability for you to add in extra AI heroes in either Singleplayer or Multiplayer. This means that the only way to complete levels is in single player on your own, with a friend or with a complete stranger on matchmaking, which cannot always be possible due timezones, ping and availability.Suggestions•-tMake a Comic/ Animation | This would be a great add-on to expand the story a bit more, showing the mysteries of the heroes and how they came about. The game already has the Art Style, just needs the story. :)•-tInvader Mode | It would be cool to have a mode where you send in the enemies at your command instead of the enemies coming in the same pattern every time. It would probably be good for multiplayer, I don-'t know, it-'s just an idea, hope you take these ideas into consideration! :DConclusionFinishing up, Fortified is a really good game both a TD game and 3rd Person shooter. The game exceed my exceptions of a good indie game, but it could have some more features that people usually expect in such a game, such as Friendly AI or First Person Mode, other than that this game should exceed and should stay active for a long time! 9/10^^My rating (will change if they make a difference in future updates.) For more recommendations by LL-'s Game Giveaways and Reviews on quality indie games or ones with high potential follow our group curations here! 
NOTE: This copy was given to me by the developer for review purposes, this however does not change the review in anyway.OverviewPythagoria is a challenging puzzle game which requires you to put your maths skills to the test. The game requires you to find the missing value in various area puzzles, the twist is that the puzzles can only be solved by whole numbers and not fractions or decimals.QualityGraphics - The graphics in Pythagoria have a simple look giving it a nice modern touch. The puzzles themselves are drawn nicely reminding me of a blueprint of a house or building. Overall the graphics are drawn in great quality.Sound - Pythagoria contains a very calm sountrack that sooths you when playing and keeps the stress down from the puzzle. The game includes a few different tracks instead of just one to keep the lack of boredom up.Gameplay - The gameplay is pretty self explainable in Pythagoria, after you pass the first puzzle you'll get hang of it quite nicely. The controls are really simple, the puzzles aren't as easy though, the help section is quite helpful with some tricks and suggestions on how to solve the puzzle, but you still have to use your brain for this one guys! :PPros & ConsPros:- Easy Controls- Interesting and Unique Gameplay- Has cards (In the making)- Soothing Soundtrack- Challenging Twist (Counters to shortness of the game)- Great Developer (Kind and is concerned about the community of his game)- Has working out tools on right hand side (Pencil and Eraser)Cons:- Can Restart (Can't restart game or tutorial)- Not customisable (Can't change colour or font of pen and you can only erase everything on screen instead of one thing)Suggestions- Make Pen and Eraser Customisable (as in colourConclusionTo conclude, Pythagoria is a well-made brain teaser for those who want a challenge, especially for a price of $1.99. I do hope the developer continues to work on it, by providing more puzzles and more customisability.  9/10 ^^My rating For more recommendations by LL's Game Giveaways and Reviews on quality indie games or ones with high potential follow our group curations here! 
NOTE: This copy was given to me by the developer for review purposes, this however does not change the review in anyway.OverviewHardRoom is a game where you play as one of the many self-developing AI's built by the greatest minds of the world. You're aim is to pass the obstacles and reach the other side, touching a block which makes more obstacles, building from the previous obstacles to show your unknown master who's the best.QualityGraphics - HardRoom has a very smooth and pretty art style, the banners they used to advertise the game were drawn greatly and I applaud the developers for this!Audio - The soundtrack used in HardRoom is quite catchy, but can get repetitive since there is only one piece of music, especially in that time where you're stuck on the puzzle you just can't pass. I would recommend muting the music and getting your own if you get bored.Gameplay - The game is really simple to understand as I explained it before, you have to cross to the other side by going through many obstacles. The thing that adds to the hardness is the high sensetivity . The controls themselves are really easy as they are your traditional WASD or your traditional arrow keys.Pros & ConsPros:-t• Concept | The concept of this game is so popular, yet so unique, of how they used obstacles but put it all in one room instead of a Mario-like layouts a very smart and rare in their obstacle games.-t• Art Style | The art style in HardRoom has a very nice touch, and not only have they done that in game but also on their advertising banners which makes want to put the thumbs up for this one!-t• Has Cards and Achievements | Not only have  the developers made a great game, they've also made cards and achievements to go with it. This is great, so that customers can try to achieve something else if they finish all the levels and also get some money (cards) for completing the game. It's a win-win situation!-t• Gameplay and Price | For the price of $1.99, you get around 3-4 Hours depending on how you handle the puzzles, whether you go all out or if you take a break every once and a while, it goes up to how long it'll take you to finish it.Cons:-t• Doesn't run on Steam Client Beta | For those who test Steam Client beta everyday to help give suggestions to steam or to experience the fixes that steam gives everyday, HardRoom doesn't work in beta, which is why the game doesn't start up why I had beta on.ConclusionHardRoom is an awesome game that will last you a few good hours of not many, yet some additions could be made, such as being able to run on Steam Client Beta. Overall, it's a very well done game and I'm glad the green light community made a good choice! :)7/10^^My rating (will change if they make a difference in future updates.) For more recommendations by LL's Game Giveaways and Reviews on quality indie games or ones with high potential follow our group curations here! 
Saints Row: The Third is not a game that you would expect to play, if you have either played any previous games in the series or played GTA and think of giving this series a shot, then you will be in for a big suprise because this game is unique in many ways.What makes this particular instalment unique to the previous games in the series is the location of the game, in the previous instalments you were in the city of Stilwater, in this game you are placed in the city of Steelport. With better graphics, new weapons and a nicer and easier interface to use, this game is truely a treat to get instead of of it-'s predecessors.Some bad things about this game are that it-'s graphics are now outdated compared to it-'s successors and that you can only play co-op multiplayer (only 2 players), so you can-'t play a giant rampage with 3 or more friends.In my final opinion, this is a fun and great game to play and have, especially if you have played any previous games in the series, even if you finished the game you can still play around with the game for as long as you want!This review was made with the help of my good friend -MCZ - 1989-
NOTE: This copy was given to me by the developer for review purposes, this however does not change the review in anyway.OverviewProtoshift is a colourful, fast-paced 2D indie game which requires skill, precision and concentration with your mouse to go through a number of moving obstacles to reach the highest level in this endless challenge.QualityGraphics - The graphics from Protoshift are of a mid-standard quality, by this I mean that they could-'ve polished the game a bit more making the graphics more appealing. E.g. You could give the black square (the thing we move in the game) more emotion or colour, maybe even a border. A black square is ok, but they could-'ve done better.Sound - The soundtrack that is implemented into the game gives an electric vibe when going through the levels in the game. The voice that narrates in the game has a robotic sound, matching the music and giving the game a futuristic touch.Gameplay - The gameplay in Protoshift is really simple after the training difficulty, which tells you about the abilities and what happens in the game. After this it-'s basically an endless mode, with higher time comes higher levels and with high levels becomes higher amount of turns, speed etc. Though, you can change the difficulty to hard, very hard or futile to make it more of a challenge. (If it-'s not challenging enough!)Pros & ConsPros:- Easy Controls and your chose of sensitivity (depending on your mouse)- Addicting gameplay- Has cards- Colourful and nicely textured backgroundCons:- Has some bugs (Dying randomly or survivng when touching the obstacle etc.)- Graphics needs to smoothened a bit more.- Doesn-'t have an -easy- or -intermediate- difficulty, besides the training mode, which enforces you to go through the basics againConclusionIn conclusion, Protoshift is worth it-'s price and it-'s a well made game with a good concept, but it could be improve on in future updates. I would recommend this game to anyone wanting a great challenge or anyone who likes indie games in total. 7/10 ^^My rating (will change if they make a difference in future updates.) For more recommendations by LL-'s Game Giveaways and Reviews on quality indie games or ones with high potential follow our group curations here! 
