So this my old review This game is clearly not at a ready standard. As someone who likes to play Red Orchestra 2 this game was a disappointment it does have postives and I feel that it will become worth my money once they add more stuff but at its current state don't buy it. If you are looking for an intense realistic shooter do not get this get Red Orchestra 2.Developer response:M2H_Mike  [developer] Posted: 31 Oct @ 9:50pmLots has changed since your review. I would appreciate it if you'd check out the game again and let me know if we're going the right direction :)But I feel its not time to make another after playing a bit more. Even though I have not played an awful lot of time there is a clear improvement beofre I would given it a 3/10 but now i would say 6/10 I can happily say in the future this game will 8/10 for me game still feels a bit clunky but looks beautiful and does feel much better to play I will wait a couple more updates to play but it is starting to be worth cost. Keep up the good work.
According to this game New Zealander and Australians sound the exact same in accent 10/10 would unleash 24 rocket silo any day
Should be refundable for all. Do not waste your money on this game
Bloody Gavelkinds. Makes the weirdest late night conversations.
Cool little game worth the buy. But there is some improvement I would like to see for example larger amount of people on a single server 16 & 10 is good for a lot of the maps but something 32 or 64 would be awesome. of coure a alrger player base would be needed but it would be cool to see it would need some larger maps though which means user created maps would be useful. If more players on a server were added I would like to see classes aswell instead of the guy with infinte guns that can materialise out of thin air. Alot of this would be solved once this game gets more popular. But apart from this, awesome game looks amazing and plays well.
Good game but shogun 2 remains the best in the series
Hey you sick and tired of having to drink coffee to stay awake. Do you ever fall asleep and wake up the next morning sating geez I wish I lay awake scared for hourse then this is the game for you. No need for anymore late night snacks addicition and enjoy your amazing never want to get out of bed at night game for only 9.99.
As you move through the frost bitten remains of the trench stuck in a pit of dead allies and enemies you no not if this brings victory or death. You are being pounded by a machine gun as you use a small wall to cover you from the rain of bullets. Because your position has slowly become overrun the commander calls artillery on you. The horns of death play through the end as you hear the grim reaper raise his scythe. You are now given the choice of your death you can choose to stand up and fight before the machine gun blast you to pieces or sit their hoping that by some small chance you might survive the artillery strike either way your chances of surviving the next 5 minutes are small. You watch the tank move forward as the first three ranging shots come in for artillery. You stand up deciding to die fighting. Stepping up from your cover you lock eyes with a German soldier you stare at each other for a second hesitating the shot. The first salvo begins. More shots land in your vicinity. You both raise your rifle. You move to fire. The moments is broken by an artillery shell. You stare at the german seeing his soul. The ground rips around you. You see your hands flying off. the german turns into mist. Everything goes black.This game is amazing an excellent example of a realistic shooter. You don't take a break because you are bored. You take a break because you're emotionally exhausted.
